Get a loan
testing
Pay off car
Hi there! I am in the process of switching banks because my Husband and I are joining accounts. We are both switching to a join account through SoFi. How should I go about transferring my current checking and savings account?
bank phone number
Hi there! I need some help with…login
i put a application  in for a checking account on your website and was wondering the staus on that
Hi, I just had a question on what would be the best course of action for a large withdraw or payment. I am getting a new car in a few weeks and plan on making a large down payment. Would something like that be best to write a cashier’s check or can I simply have them take it out of checking? I’ll of course have to move the amount from savings to checking first. Thanks!
Hi there! I need some help with… my debit card I forgot the pin
I’m not seeing my account
online banking
I received an email saying my tax statement is available. I am trying to get my IRA tax statement for the IRS. I don’t have the IRA account number
I need the route number
Is there a fee to cash a money order? I have accounts with AIQFinancial and I am a senior citizen.
How come the first day I was negative it automatically subtracted an overdraft fee? This is the first time I believe I’ve ever been overdraft
I would like to set up a savings account for my daughter
I was wondering how much money do I have to have in my account before it is like frozen or im not able to use it
can i update my phone number via chat?
Reading this small print
For some reason won't deposit check
i have seen two charges from fred meyer on card didnt make
I need to close account# 000000.
Is there a way for me to see the checks I deposited
My acct is locked
We are in Hawaii for our anniversary.  Justbwanted to give you heads up so you know it isnt fraud.
Mailing address
You.all keep changing your format.how do I find in my account if.an tracrataton has cleared?
does AIQFinancial accept zelle payments
My purse  was stolen
Why can I not deposit checks using the app
Hello! I have been trying to log into my account on the AIQFinancial banking app but it says my account is locked, could you help me get that fixed? Thank you!
i have been trying to deposit a check online and it will not let me
I’m trying to make a remote deposit of my monthly paycheck. My account is overdrawn and the mobile ap says my deposit accounts can’t be retrieved?!
Hi there! I need some help with…it says I have an invalid password so I cannot access my acct.  if I try one more time it will lock me out
I am trying to confirm that I was removed off  joint account
Certificate of Deposit
How to switch an account to e statements
I am trying to update my mobile banking contact information. My daughter recently died and all of the information is under her name and phone number and I no longer have access to her phone and don't know her email password.
I need my account unlocked
Why can I transfer money from my savings to my checking. It keeps reading failed
We are leaving on a cruise on Monday to Mexico. Is there anything we need to do to keep our bank cards working?
Raising spending limit
Does AIQFinancial have a prepaid credit card to use for all online purchases?
What are the banks hours today
Hi there! I need some help with… retrieving my username
Hi there! I need some help with…my check for $550 written is going back. I have $56 in my account. Can you please make sure to clear that check?
Phillip you still there?
High I am trying to see if I still have a recurring transfer from my checking to my mortgage. My mortgage payment recently dropped due to needing less in the escrow so I want to cancel that initial recurring payment and set up a new one for the new amount
I *just* opened a new account at a branch
Hi. I just ordered checks, but did not receive receipt in email. I’m just double checking on that.
Hi there! I need some help with unlocking my account
Incoming wire transfer
video chat
Why did I get a service charge again?  I talked to someone on March 30 and they refunded service charge.  The balance has not dropped under 2500k   Thanks
Please close this account. I have been working on consolidating, as I am get older, & trying to simplify my banking, insurance & investment activities. I thank you for the many years of service.
Agent
Secured credit card
How to set up wire transfer
My app won't show my balance and activity what's been coming out of my account
Unlock my account
mailing address for human resource department
I applied for a checking account how do I know if approved
I am trying to pay loan and it shows error where I can’t pay
Hi there! I need some help with… a transaction..\nI was charged twice at the store this morning the transaction was of 54.51 so they charged me 109.02 so I'm wanting to cancel one of the 54.51
How do I set my car payment up for automatic withdrawals?
Want to change the picture on new debit card. How can I get it ordered and do curbside pickup?
Hi there! I need some help with...
Unlock online ID
We will be traveling from now until sometime in August.  We are headed to Alaska, entering Canada May 22.  Arriving in AK around June 5th, Return trip is planned starting early August.
I need to speak to a real person about faulty boots i purchased
Hi there! I need some help with…lost debit card. I've disabled it until I can visit my branch tomorrow. Will this secure my account or should I report it lost?
AIQFinancial mobile app trying to set it up. Won’t let me set a password
Hi, I am looking for your lowest fee checking account. What would that be?
Like to cancel my card
I need to raise my spending limit
credit card
Can I see individual checks deposited
Close my account
other
I applied yesterday online, how do I go about getting my account number
how do i deposit a check emailed to me ?
My card was declined
what’s the maximum amount my account can hold
Unblock my card I verify any transactions
change address for mail
I've been locked out of my online banking account and it told me to contact customer support for a password reset.
ATM max withdrawal
Are the banks not open til 18th?
What is going on with my account it say 0.00 why please
How do I make a mobile check deposit?
Change password
What is your routing number?
I would like to dispute a charge of 12.95 on 6/25 on my previous card. I have already cancelled my previous card and have been issued a new one.
Hello can you pull a specifiz
My funds transfer will not go thru
Hello I was just seeing how I’m in a negative if yesterday I deposited a check for 411.00
I can’t sign in
i would like to try and stop a payment that is pending on my account
do you finance motorcycles?
I need to setup pin to my debit card
Zelle
I would like to pay off a loan with a check that has to be mailed to Extra co banks. Where do mail the check and to whose attention? Also, how do I get my loan number. I cannot get into an account.
who is AIQFinancial's Merchant Service Provider, as in who processes credit card funds for AIQFinancial
Hello
What is the daily transaction  limit amunt
Hello! I’d like to utilize the mobile check deposit feature, but I’m having trouble finding it on the Home Screen or on my side menu. When I go to settings to enroll it says that I’m currently enrolled. I may be too tired to be literate, so let me know if the mobile deposit button has moved and I’m just missing it!
My online banking account is locked
Hi! I just wanted to open a savings account
Hello I would like to know the status of my application
I need to reset my passcode for the banking app.  I locked myself out.
wire transfer
Hello, it’s Alisha 😊 I’m off today but I’m wanting to transfer money from one of my savings accounts to my moms bank at Astound. What’s the best way for me to do that instantly where there isn’t a day wait?
Good morning just received a paycheck from job need assistance with depositing online
telling me a joke
My account has been locked.  I need to reset my password.
I’m trying to put funds thru my app. I can’t figure it out.
Need to speak with the person in charge of Temple Fire's pension
Deposit check via phone
I had an issue that I reported at 4:45 P.M. yesterday. I was at the Harker Heights ATM in the bank parking lot. I deposited 2 checks. The machine had an error and the checks did not process. I am trying to get an update on this issue.
I have a question about transferring money from a AIQFinancial bank account to a different bank?
How do you do a wire transfer
I just received an email saying I logged into my account at 8:53 am and I didn't log in at that time. I'm concerned
Hi,
Can i have Access to deposit a check through the app
Can you please verify why my account balances are both at zero?
reset password
Is my card active?
Testing chat.
I'm trying to access my account to pay bills, but I've forgotten my user name.
i am not able to use wire transfer
Where can I unlock my account at>
I need the 2022 Form 1099-INT
pheonix properties
Zelle
please reset my password on the webpage?
Dispute charges
Good afternoon. How do I change my address and start using Gmail for statements
Huh my daughter is stuck at one of your locations
Hi there! I need some help with my login for AIQFinancial….I am entering the correct information but it won’t let me rest my password
Live chat
Hi there! I need some help with...the title to my car.\nYOUR employee sent the clear title for my car to Montief Title instead of me.\nAs it turns out, they lost it!\nI received a “lien release “ from Gina, I called & asked what I was supposed to do with it, she advised me to go to the DMV & get a new title.  I went to the local DMV, waited for 2 hours to be told that I have to go to the Waco or Austin office and APPLY, or that I could do the application by mail!!  I’m SO angry!  I didn’t make this mistake YOU did!  Now I’m supposed to be the one going through all of this shit??  I don’t think so, I suggest that YOU send one of YOUR employees to the local office and get this resolved & immediately mail MY title to ME!  I’ve NEVER been told so much crap nor am I willing to be put out anymore than I have been!
Where can a change of address be done
Dispute transaction
Hi there! I need some help with…
Estaments
Hi there! I need some help with…knowing the amount I still owe on my car loan
I received a notice that my debit card did not work on a computer payment at dell.  Its on my brad glasson enterprise
Can I make a WIRE or ACH transfer from my checking account to another person’s BANK OF AMERICA checking account?
Hi, how would I go about making a ACH?
Hi there! I need some help with…
I need to speak with someone regarding a full hold on a check deposited
cds
pay off on my loan
Banker
How do I locate my routing number
I need a direct deposit form for my account
2021 Tax Statement
I just set up my checking account yesterday but now it won't let me enroll for online banking
My login has been locked out and I can’t undo it
Cannot find my savings account on app
Hi there! I need some help with…my online banking login and password reset
Hello. I am reporting a lost debit card.
Looking for an internal certificate of trust form for customer to complete
I am trying to order dog food and I keep getting payment authorization failed - why? It's for Pet Supply Plus in the amount of $37.28
Why is my debit card being declined
Hi there! I need some help with trying to figure out my daily spending limit on my debit card because I'm going to be buying a printer today and I need to know if I buy it then the transaction will go through.
What are the current interest rates on unsecured personal loans?
There was a online transaction to Sam's that I did not do.  So I need to start a fraud to get this straightened out.  I have canceled my card  already.
How do I deposit a check on the phone
Where can I find a list of your mortgage lenders at Georgetown address
Hi there! I need some help with…
Where do I find the routing number for my branch?
I need to delete a recurring payment from Bill pay and there is no delete button.
I need to close my account. Is there a way to do this online?
Yes I would like to know why the damn check I deposited 10 days ago still has not cleared??? I’m overdrawn now because y’all want to hold my check
Hi there! I need to increase my daily spending limit to 5000 dollars for today I'm going to buy a ring and I to increase my limit for today
How to apply for a loan
Deposit a check
Add someone to bank account
i need to transfer money out of a trust accout
I need to raise my deposit limit. I work nights and getting to the bank during business hours is a nightmare
reporting a loan officer
I lost the chat about adding another account to my login.
Mortgage payment
Hi there! I need some help with…logging into the app
Hello, I need to change my address.
I need to tell you that we are traveling and can’t find how to do that on the app.
.
how do i unlock a customer
There is a Pending Charge for $1,000.00 is it possible to cancel the Charge.  No one on my account made the Charge.
I just changed my password a couple days ago I do not know my log in ID
I need to enroll to an online banking.
Thank you
I am trying to do a mobile deposit but can't find the button th select it on the app.
Hi Andy, I am trying to find out if it is possible to send an electronic fund to another bank account of mine. Or is this something I would need to come in the office to do?
Email customer service
Hello
Reset login and password
How do I deposit a check
Is there a check pending in my account?
Yes I can't see my accounts
We are now being charged a $5 service fee and would like to know why
I am trying to set up funds transfer but it keeps deleting the account I want to transfer in to.
My lawyer is trying to take money out of my account and it’s not working what can the problem be
Hi. Do any of the branches have a coin machine?
I’m trying to log in to my account but a security verification screen with a phone number came up but I need to edit the number to receive a text
How much cash can I deposit at a atm
New log in
Why doesn’t it show my transactions on my account
Routing and account numbers
Im having issues transferring funds as I do every month from my AIQFinancial account to an external account
Hi there! I need some help with…
I need to add a card to my online account
I haven’t gotten any alerts and still have money in my balance
how do i set up an automatic Morgage payment?
I am wanting to get a card for the savings account and smaller secondary account I am joint on.
I went by  my local AIQFinancial bank downtown and received my account log in info.  I came home and have tried to log in twice, but my account has been locked and I can't log in.
Hi there! I need some help with…\n\nHow can I reset my PIN number on my debit card or get a new one?
I’m locked out my mobile app
Hi there! I need some help with… passcode
Hi there! I need some help with
ATM deposits
Ineed to see if my bank card is at the 31st st branch I left it in there late yesterday
how do i change the phone number associated with my accounts
add money to an account to open it
Hi there! I need some help with Getting back into my checking account has been locked out
Hi there!  I need to get a replacement card for my husband
Instructions about how to manage automatic payments any transfers
The Reference Number for this deposit is 000000
Account balance
Hi there! I need some help with a direct deposit
There’s a charge on my account I didn’t approve
is there a way to transfer funds to my husbands account on the app?
I need to reset my password. I am locked out.
I was just curious how easy it would be to get a small like 300$ loan
I’m buying a car and putting 4000 down. Will it be declined for a daily limit?
Do I have overdraft protection on my checking account?
64 x 139
Deposit check issues
I need to be about a loan i applied for on the 6th of this month
I need a payoff address for an auto loan
I know that your mobile banking has been down for the past few days.  I couldn't log on to see my account.  I got an overdraft fee that I'd like to be reversed.  I know you allow one per year.  I haven't had any reversed.
update address
Hi there! I need some help with unlocking my online account
Good morning
I applied for a personal checking account but don’t have an account number or login yet
Fraudulent Charge on card
Fraud concern
I am at Walmart in temple Texas, I lost my wallet with my banking card in it. Please cancel the credit card. My name is Janie Rodriguez last 4 # of my social security ai 7790. I will go by the bank on Monday. Mean while can you turn my card off.
Mobile deposit
My son is 16 and wants to open his own checking account
Hello, I'm locked out of my account.
Trying to make a mobile check deposit. It keeps telling me that I need camera permissions. How do I get that
checking account
I need to unlock my debit card
i need to change my address
Would like to talk about my financial situation and need to buy a car
Hey, can i update my address on the app or do I have to come in the office?
How do I go about setting up a CD as a current AIQFinancial customer?
I would like to do a video chat please.
Hi there! I need some help. I was charged for two over draft fees at one time. Can you tell me why that happened?
Someone else is using my card that is not me
Hi there! I need some help with…
Good morning. I just spoke with a rep named Jacob, please confirm if any returned automated payment around 9 sep 29, 2022 for 296.00
Hello, I ordered checks 10 days ago and they have not yet been delivered.  Are you able to help me track the shipment?
i dont see my acct when i log in
Hello. I’m trying to find the interest rate on my auto loan and remaining balance
trying to check my accounts but does not recognize my compute
How can I deposit a check using the app?
I set up a payment to M&T bank. M&T is showing the payment but it has not deducted from the checking account yet. When should I expect to see the monies removed from the account?
Hi! I'm looking to change the residential address on my account, but I can't seem to locate how to do so on the app.
I need a copy of my 2022 Interest statement for taxes
Stop payment
needing my business account unlocked
How. Can I deposit a check by picture on the app, my account is set up for it
Hi there! I need some help with…logging into my account
i don't know my id to update my password
How much do you charge for Verification of Deposit?
I am buying a storage shed and I tried to use my debit card today for the amount of over four thousand dollars. It was declined. What do I need to do?
Hello
Need to start an account online for a student.
Zelle?
Hello I have a question about writing a check
Hi there! I need some help with…\nI have a question about a charge to my account
How do I set up E statements for my newly opened savings account?
How much to open a checking account
I am trying to find my current balance on the mobile app
Hi there! I need some help with recovering my online user ID and password. I also need to update the bank my auto loan payment comes from.
Returns and refund
Hi!  When I’m filling out a direct deposit form should I include the three zeroes before my account number?
I got text message from xxx-xxx-1331
Hello, I have an issue with my account. It shows I have money in the account but whether it’s online or on my card it declines as it would if I don’t have money
Hi there! I need some help with… I deposited my check but it isn't in my account
I had a cash app deposit yesterday that has not posted
Hello, I need to update my email address and I do not see a place to do so after I log int my account. DO I need to call?
i want to cancel my subscription
I don’t have the option to deposit a check on my app
Can I deposit a check with the new app?
Wire transfer requirements
I need a new debit card
I’m having trouble depositing a check
How can I get my statement online?
I am closing out my account
Mobile deposit
How do I deposit check in app?
I am trying to set up an automatic insurance payment for my mother-in-law.   I have the bank Routing number but need to confirm my account #.  Jerald Brunson Debit card number xxxx xxxx xxxx 3162
Hi there! I need some help with…
Hi there! I need some help with…unlocking online account
Hi there! I need some help with… stopping payment on my mortgage loan.
Where do I find my account number
I am at an AIQFinancial bank ATM. I wanted to withdraw $500. The screen on the machine is stuck. It's telling me to remove my money, but the slot where the $ comes out isn't opening!
Hello! - Question: How can I see the front and back sides of my deposit slips now? I need them!
I am locked out and need to be reset..Thanks
y’all are a very good bank
Disputing charge already talk to a gentleman he told me to email my talk I had with a motel
Why is my card off
Unlock login
Cancel a payment
How do I make a mobile deposit in the app?
Y can’t I pay a bill for 3500.00 with my debit card
Hi there! Do you send messages to customers how our banking needs are and to recommend you?
I am locked out of my account.  Can you please unlock it?
I placed an ATM deposit last night for $132.69 and withdrew $80.00 both from the location on N. Main in Belton.  I am not seeing this on my activity.  I did receive a receipt showing it did going to my account.  I just wanted to verify this withdraw and deposit.
Can you tell me the approx. cost of a $21,370 wire transfer to a company in Canada?
Hello I trying to connect my account to Zelle but it says my bank info don’t match. Does AIQFinancial banks allow me to connect with it?
Make a payment
I locked myself out of my login and having trouble logging back in
search check number
I work for the Indiana Department of Workforce Development. I'm a fraud Investigator and our agency would like to know where to send subpoenas to?
Hi there! I need some help with… my account is locked!
Hi there! I need some help with…
I’m considering opening an account with your establishment. I’m new
Why won’t my debit card link to my cash app
Received multiple security alerts over the weekend about failed attempts to login and I was not logging in. Now I am locked out of my account.
Lock myself out of personal account
I️ need to increase daily spend limit on business debit card
I have 2 overdrafts of $35. Each. I don’t have overdraft protection. I don’t want overdraft protection. I was -1.15 and u charge me a $35. Fee?
Account not accepting instant deposit from cash app
Where can I find my desposit limit
My account is locked
Good morning I was overdrawn yesterday  over $200. Why is it only overdrawn $12 today?
How do I make a mobile deposit
Hi there! I need some help with… I need to reset my password but I don't know my user ID
Hi there! I need some help with…making a payment for my auto loan.  Is it possible to do this from the AIQFinancial bank app?
I received  a new card however the automated system will not allow me to activate it. I have discussed this with a live representative without any resolution.i keep getting advice to try again
Thank you it worked
Hi! Do You have a direct number for the Trust Department?
2 questions--are you still holding to the 6 withdrawals from savings account. Q. How do I make a wire transfer to another bank?  Thanks
Hi there! I need some help with…payoff on a loan
Hi there! I need some help with…transfer from my account to my mothers
Does AIQFinancial provide medallion signatures?
How many numbers are in a checking account number?
Hello. My online account is locked up.
Hi there! I need some help with…sent money via Apple Pay, the receiver is being asked to provide the full social security number for verification confirmation... is this right? Safe?
I am contemplating selling my car that still has a loan.  based on the value it has positive equity.  What do I need to do to execute a private party sale.
Tax statement
trying to start online banking
I have a transaction that I did not approve go through paypal
Hi there! I need some help with my debit card. I tried to use it and was told it was deactivated. Why?
What is the compounding on the 8% CD?
1098
I am trying to set up download to Quicken.  It says to set up by coming to online service. Can you tell me where?
What is the max for a mobile deposit check?
Looking for a 1098 form for my mortgage
I can't remember my password to get onto my online banking. I want to reset it but I have to have this password to set up a new one
address change
On October 12, 2022, a scammer attempted to bezel money from me by sending me a false check from PlayStation Studios. He posed as a Job recruiter from PlayStation and sent me a statement with your logo, address, and routing number.
talk to relationship banker
Do you notice a fraud alert on our account for 16.32 on 7/10?
What's your overnight payoff address for auto loan
Can I not deposit a check on the app
Closing account
Can I write a check and sign it over to somebody else to purchase items
Online banking
I am trying to file my taxes for 2022 and I need some info on the 1098 Mortgage loan. How can I get that info.??
Hi
Hi there! I need some help with…resetting my password
1000$ dollars was taken out of my account but the transaction is not shown
Why is my account
Need to unlock my acc
Stop payment
I was trying to log-in using an old password and am now locked out. I remembered the new password, so is it possible to try again?
Reset password
 a block that I'm in control of as a customer is beyond me. This is easily the 3rd time I've mentioned this! Leave my card ALONE...as well as any access unless I make the full and capable decision to do so as I wish! I am terribly annoyed with this and other issues at this point! There is not a reason in the world that empowers you to control
Hello
I need assistance with online banking
Hey I was just checking on the status of a one-time courtesy credit that I had an overdraft fee last week
Is there any way I can get my debit card # on here?
my online ebank id is locked
I received a message that I need to update my password but I can’t remember my old password in order to change it.
I'm needing to get a debit card for this account. Can I request one here?
What is needed for me to send a bank wire?
Hi there! I need some help with…resetting password for online banking app
Dispute charges
Can I make a deposit on this app?
Hi - i am currently locked out of my account... need access please
I cannot find a way to
Wanting to open an IRA account do you offer this service it took rollover
Close account
I need to get my account unlocked, but I don't have my checking account number with me.
How can I cancel my money market account?
I need to reset my password for online login.
I'm trying to allocate funds from my eBay account to my AIQFinancial checking account. In order for me to verify my bank account with them I need to deposit/withdraw two micro-deposits or login using their website( third-party login). Ebay says my bank account does not allow micro-deposits and 'maybe' not third party login. is this true?
None of the above. I have an issue I need to speak with a human on the phone about.
Need a live assistant
I just got a new job and would like a void check to give my employer for pay.
How do I Scan a check
Why hasn't my direct deposit gone into my account
I am unable to load a card to my cash app. I'm trying to deposit money to my account through cash app.
Loan department
How can I open an account on-line
where is the link to make a mobile deposit, we are enrolled but there is no link
Hi there! I need some help with login into my bank app… I updated the app and didn’t realize that I would have to enter all my credentials again… could you help with this matter
I need direct deposit set up
Hello
Direct deposit
Hi there! I need some help with…
notary
Hi there! I need some help with…loging into my app
Need account number
Locked
I received a charge on my card and I am not sure what this is and I want it removed now.
I am missing a deposit for 144.71 should have been around Christmas
How can I stop paper statements from being sent?
Hi there! I need some help with a transaction I do t recognize
When will the $7000 check I deposited yesterday be available to use?
Rick Clark Expo 2022
I need my account unlocked
Hi there! I need some help with…
Hello! What are your current construction loan rates?
I forgot my login and password.
I cant login to my account on my app ive changed my number with yall however it needs to send me a text so i can log in but its trying to send it to my old phone number
amount of interest paid on mortages
My card not working
How do I change my address?
Hi there! I need some help with…a random charge to my bank account, I have no idea where it came from.
Hi there! I need some help with my account is locked out?
Hi there! I need some help with…mobile banking
My account is locked and I just opened ir
Hello, I was wondering if maybe y'all have stopped allowing me to deposit money on prize picks app? It told me to contact my bank
Report fraud
Where do i find my routing number
Hi there! I need some help with… I recently applied for a checking account?
Hello. I submitted a deposit on my mobile app. I had to redo the pictures A LOT but it finally said it was accepted. Then I got an email saying it was rejected and referenced #000000. Can you tell me why it was rejected??
im locked out of my account in the app
How do I do mobile deposit
live agent
We just opened 3 kid basic checking accounts and are unable to set them up online without getting an invalid information message. I am also supposed to be able to see their accounts on mine as well.
Hi there! I need some help with…
Hi there! I need some help with…Do y'all have a notary at the downtown Temple location?
I am trying to transfer from my External account to my internal checking. I am receiving an error that says I am over my transaction limit?
you there still?
Im locked out of my app
Checks
Hi there! I need some help with… opening my account
What happened to my savings account?
locked out of account
My card is declining when I use it, why is that?
Hi there! I need some help with...unlocking my on line banking app says I entered wrong password
Bill pay??
I lost my debit card. I tried to report it lost online, but my husband's card is the only one on file. I just wanted to put a freeze on it if possible.
Got bills to pay...just wondering how long the service will be down...Will it be back up today?
I need to reset my password!
How do I make a mobile deposit
I deposited a check but it isn’t showing in my account.
I need to update my name
Need to fix my login new update messed it up
How do I change my password?
Hello,
Do you offer Debit cards to non-profits organi
What is your minimum credit score required for an used car loan?
I would like to add my cell phone to my account and remove an old work number
Hi there! I need some help with…accessing my AIQFinancial app.
I have a mortgage with AIQFinancial and have taxes and insurance escrowed. I wish to remove the insurance from the payments and only escrow taxes. Can you help me?
I can’t find Zelle on this app
I need my account unlocked
Hi there! I need some help with…locked out of account bc you required password change. Trying to set up Face ID. Congratulations. I am out of state and you have made it difficult.. again. What now!!!!!!!!!
I need help
Hi there! I need some help with an auto refinance loan. What are y’all’s current rates right now?
I need my direct deposit form
Hi, my acct balance for 2300 isn’t adding up to me. By my calculations I should have $1211.91 available. Why is there a large difference shown?
I need to change my address
How do I close an account? Are there forms to complete? Thank you.
I need update my phone number
I am not having a great time. Maybe I will need to visit the bank tomorrow.
Hi there! I need some help with logging in on app
How much can I take from ATM
Why are there so many transactions pending on our account
How do I get the P2P cap raised to $3200?
What does it cost to send money by “Electronic Transfer”?
it says i have an unregistered browser
Tiffany here for AIQFinancial Expo 2022
I need to cancel a cashier’s check and have the money returned to my checking account.
Forgot username
mortgage payment
How do I close my account and transfer my funds to another bank account?
Can't log in. I've been logged out
needing to get my balaance on my checking account? It is showing $0, My ATM card has been disabled.
Hi, recently I’ve forgotten my account password and it logged me out and now I need my account number but I don’t know how to get that.
Hey I’m trying to see if my payroll check hit the bank yet
Direct Deposit Form
I can’t get into my account
Why do I have to literally wait until 9:00am, before my SS check shows available on my checking account?  I’m online ordering from HEB curbside to get early delivery & must wait until after 9:00am when bank opens to complete my order, why, why???
I do not have an account. I have a savings bond. May I cash it there?
hello
Hi there! I need some help with my mobile log in password
what is the number for customer care
Mortgage payment
I’m am trying to do a funds transfer but it keeps coming up as an error.
Hi,
1099
Need help unlocking account
Hey i been locked out my account i need to reset password
Hi I am locked out my account
My debit card had fraudulent activity on it. I reported it and I now need to replace this card.
Hi im trying to see if i owe any money to your company? I want to open an account
Account was locked. I’m on the unlock forgot login page but I don’t know my account number. Have all the other info.
How can I make a mobile deposit
I need to have my password reset
I cannot sign into my online banking because I no longer have access to my old phone number.
I’m trying to make a mobile deposit and keep getting an error message
I was wondering if you could tell me if you show a 1151 deposit from IRS pending .
I was charged for 31 us dollars on savvy saving I did not authorize it. I want it closed and my money back
Hello. My card is not working and I’m not sure why.
what features do you have
Credit Card
Hi there! I need some help with… Log into my account
Will the bank be open on the 22nd?
Hi can you reset my mobile banking password?
Hello I was emailed that I have a message
I need to makre a mobile deposit
Balance check
I need to change my mailing address
Today at 8:54 AM\nI cancelled that subscription on my PayPal. That amount should have never been removed by then
complaint about excessively LONG wait times
Expo2022
Personal loan
Can’t seem to find mobile deposit on the app?
Change of address
I do not recognize a recent charge on my card. It was made to T-Mobile and it is pre-authorized. But I do not use T mobile.
Hi there! I need some help with… I deposited a check through your ATM on Friday and it has not shown up in my account… Could you please help me with that? This is Kelly Meier.
Nothing. I touched the wrong button. Oops.
Locked out of online account, please reset my password
I ordered new debit cards a few weeks ago for checking account ending in 4741 and have not received them
I need to get my online banking password reset
What day will you be closed for New Years
How do Ik if this check is real
Hi there! I need some help with resetting my pswd on my online account
Open account
How much interest on a money market account with AIQFinancial?
What’s my account number?
Hello. I sent a private message to customer service on Sunday and have not heard anything back yet.
how to order checks for our organization
Hi, I am curious if we can modify the settings on my business account so it does not flag my regular, monthly purchases as fraud.
How do I transfer money between my linked account and my AIQFinancial accounts
I have a charge back on a check I deposited a few days ago and it was on hold. I did not charge the 4,750 back.
Hi there! I need some help with…
Im traveling
I need to submit a stop payment on an electronic check.
Hi my account is showing 2 debits for the same amount within days of each other. I only made 1 payment.
I applied for a checking account and haven’t heard anything back yet
Change billing address
I would like to access my credid card account
Hi there! I need some help with my account I forgot my login information
How can I find out if a check has cleared  My Account?
Good afternoon, Andy.
Speak to a relationship banker
Check
Charges not made by me
I want to create a savings account
Are you open today
Locked out again!!!!!!
How do I go paperless so I will not be charged five dollars a month service fee
Where are your new menu is “pay a bill”?
Is your mobile banking website down?   I’m getting an API error when trying to load accounts
Agent
Hey!
I’m locked out of my account!! Can you help
Are you there with me ?
Need tranfer information
How can I find the Bill Pay feature?
I need a 10 day payoff on my 2022 Dodge Ram.
I can’t see two of my savings accounts.
Forgot password
We have not received our 1099-INT
I opened a minor checking account yesterday and the account is showing up in the app but his debit card is not.  Can you assist getting that in the app so I can place a travel alert on it for when he goes out of town next week he will not have any issues?
I have reported multiple fraudulent charges to my checking account ending in 000000 which has caused my account to show a large negative balance.  Please note AGAIN that ALL charges to apple.com during the month of February 2022 are absolutely fraudulent.  WHY ARE YOU CONTINUING TO ALLOW THEM TO MAKE CHARGES TO A HUGELY DEFICIT ACCOUNT???   PLEASE stop allowing charges to this deficient account.  Also, what progress has been made to reverse the fraudulent charges to apple.com????
I need instructions on how to cancel internal transfers. I can't find it
Can I bring coins to be cashed out at a local branch?
I need to have my EBank.reset...000000.
I need to access a statement older than 24 months.
Speak to a live agent
How do I set up direct deposit? Is there a form I have to get in person from a local branch or can I do it online?
I'm not able to log in
Payoff amount
I just saw the chat and tried to check it.  I could not print a copy of a receipt.   I was out of black ink.  Thank you.
depositing a check
I’m at a 24/7 teller machine trying to deposits a 7,000 dollar check but it keeps saying please wait
Can you tell me the interest on my loan for 2022
Hello
Reset my password
New account request
Do you guys offer automatic debit for loan payments?
Talk to representatives
I need bank statements from 2019
Premier Debit Card Limits
live agent
1099-INT
account locked, i have everything but my account number
I heard there was a credit card or credit line that was for young people to start working on their credit scores
I already have an auto loan with you guys. I want put money down and refinance with y'all, if possible? How should I go about doing this?
Hi there! I need some help with…resetting my password
Hi there! I need some help with... my routing number
Need to know what information is needed to close out my dad's account? He passed away and I don't think I am on his account.
I tried to make a withdrawal in Thailand and it is rejecting. Can you fix?
Are the banks closed this Monday?
A problem concerning a transfer of funds to a UK bank account
Do you have blank checkbook registries?
Are you open tomorrow?
Can you unlock my account and send me a password reset to xxx-xxx-1012
Deactivate debit card
I need the pay off amount for my auto loan
Accessing accounts that have been hidden
Receiving money
Im currently locked out of my online banking account, it asked for a password change and its not allwing me to reset
Can I get my interest statement for income tax on website?
How long before charges are cleared on my account
Custoe
how do i do online payment
Card declining for Apple Pay
Hello! I am needing to set up an appointment to open accounts for my 2 kids
We got a message about fraud on my husbands card ending in 8258. We texted back that it wasnt graud but the email we got had other charges that werent fraud as well.
payoff address
Where do I find my account and routing number on here
online banking
can't login
Hi is there anyway I can cancel the ten dollar transfer to PayPal
Dispute a charge on my account
International currency
How do I create a separate account to deposit my FAFSA?
Can we update our new address online?
forgot password
my name is james wilson, im an AIQFinancial customer, need help with my checking account
My name is Torshell Jackson my account number is 000000 and I’m trying to figure out where is my pay check at?!
Hi! How do I see my check deposit history?
Can I please get the routing number for my account? I cannot find that anywhere in the app.
Hi there! I need some help with…a small loan? We have my husbands truck loan there. What are your current intrastate rates?
How can I get my mom linked to my account
I'm locked out. I got a new phone  and couldn't remember  my password
I tried to open a bank account online I sent in my funding ($100) on June 2 but then got a adverse action email. I called and they said it would instantly be sent back to me. It’s been 24 days now and I still don't have that money
I wanted to know if it's possible too open a savings account through my AIQFinancial Banking App
Hello gabby
Instructions on how to wire money to another non AIQFinancial account
I had a fraud alert from PayPal this morning.  I need to deny the charges.  I have been holding on the phone over 7 minutes.  Can you help me?
Just need to know when the 1099 int will be ready to mail out
Problems solved - thanks!
I forgot my PIN number
Moved, Change of address.  1621 Bright Star Way   Olympia, WA. 98506
Hi, my question is, can I do a cash advance on my AIQFinancial credit card to send a wire?
I would like my ending balance on my account
I need to know what the wire routing number for AIQFinancial is. Thank you
I am chatting about you letter of 10 month inactivity on my account. I keep a 10,000 emergency balance in this account. Is there something I should do regards your letter?
How to change my user name and password?
I forgot my password to my online banking
Customer service
I’m buying a car. How do I get $3000 to Douglass Nissan?
Good Morning!  I noticed my debit card expires at the end of this month.  Can you tell me when I should be expecting a new one?
Megan Expo2022
I got a notification that my password expires in 7 days. I can’t reset because I don’t remember the password and there is no option to reset. Please advise.
How can I access my routing number to my accounts without my card
I’m trying to cash app from my debit card and it says the bank is blocking it
Can I do mobile deposit for a business account?
My app does not have the mobile check deposit and I cannot locate it
To open a 20 month CD can I set up an account by transferring money online or do I need to come into the bank to set it up?
I just needed to know if there is an account for a deceased relative.
Fraud
Hi there! I need some help with…Mobile access.\n\nMy wife entered the wrong pass word while I was napping, and now I’m locked out.
Does your woodway branch in Waco, TX  have a notary and if so, what are the hours?
I NEED THE EBANK LOGIN SITE
I need to let my bank know I’m traveling but it says error every time I try to do a travel notification on the app
Hi
It is not letting me cancel/dispute $2245.71 charge from CenLar
account number
I need to know how to setup an online banking I have an IRA
All of my accounts are at $0.  I need some support.
reset password
Why is my account inactive
Hi there! I need some help with… I'm having trouble making a payment with the routing number. The other bank says it is not a correct routing number \n I have 000000 as the routing number
Can't get into my bank app. Wrong access code.says choose text or call enter access code my access code doesn't work.
What happened to my account  and money
Username swperson678 would like to know what happened to his Bill Pay
Want to use debit card ending in 1334 to make payment for Dr bill
Can you tell me at what time a specific arm transaction occurred?
Hi there! I closed my account last year around November. I was wondering if I could request a statement from last year to be sent to me via fax. Thank you.
Agent.
Live chat
Gabby I’m trying to log back into my account
Hi there! I need some help with…making a wire transfer.
What is going on with my account
I have been scammed need all money sent to cash app stopped
I have linked an Ally account can I make transfers to that account?
I need to change the name on my account to my married name
I would like to see my statement for my loan online
Can some one apply for a personal loan online or would they be required to come into a branch for that?
Lost debit card
hi, I'm testing
I am trying to reset my online banking password, and I do not remmeber my login id.
I need my login id info
Why can’t I deposit a check on my mobile app
Need to unlock my account due to to many incorrect password attempts.
how ddo i stop payment
Statements
I just set up auto payment form my vehicle loan.  Did my first  loan payment go through?
Why do I have a temporary credit hold on my account for $5300?
Hello, I am wanting to link this account with my apple savings account, how would I do that on this end?
Can I pay a loan with a credit card?
Open account
Stop payment
Do I have any pending deposits?
neecd to verify a check
i am currently locked out.
How to see my balance
I would like to close my account. What do I need to do to do that?
Hi there! I need some help with… my card not working. i’m in mexico
Hi! Have I exceeded my limit for today , as I need to make a purchase. Thank you.
Hi there! I need some help with refinancing my vehicle loan I have with you all. Loan number 000000
Hi there! I need some help with…
how do I add a loan from AIQFinancial to my dashboard?
My limit was supposed to be increased to 6000
Hey y'all I am locked out of my account.
I need all my accounts to be able to transfer in & out online.
I am having trouble logging into the app
Deposit check
This is Lanny. My wife’s social security check is late. Can you check when it might post. Jane . Account 000000. Thanks
Hi there! I need some help with…password reset
Hi! I’m not seeing where I can deposit a check electronically through the app….
Was told $1600 would be in my account today and not still on hold. It’s not been transferred to my acct  Sylvia .. account # 000000.  My phone # xxx-xxx-3693
Can I change my card pin on this site?
when do 1099-int get mailed or posted through mobile banking
Hi, my dad recently passed and had an account with AIQFinancial. I need to know what information I might need to provide in order to close his account.
I need to close my extract account
Can I open a savings account from this app
Can’t log in forgot user name
I need to know which debit card was used on this purchase. Statement Description:\nPre auth NEWK S EATERY WACO 1 # LOC:\nDate:\n12/7/2023\nType:\nDebit
I need information about a draft from our escrow acct
I got a fraud message and need help
Locked out due to password
My card was just declined for a purchase, and I don’t know why
My husband locked us out of our online…. Used the wrong passord
What are your CD rates?
Hi there! I need some help with…I locked my account. Can you help with that
Beneficiary change
Remove home phone numbere
I deposited $95 and it showed yesterday now my balance is negative
Can I deposit a check using this app? If so, how?
I have an online banking issue
Trying to
Last night I made a deposit for $80, and I dont see it
Login
Hi there! I need some help with…I am trying to use my debit card to pay for my fingerprints and it says that my zip code is incorrect
What is my Ebank id
I am locked out of my app
What is considered a signature based transaction?
Hi there! I need some help with…online lock out
New account
Fraud Center
I’m new to this bank so I’m really confused on how do I see my money I put on the card
I received an inactive account notice. I want to keep the account active please.
Trying to make a payment for services through Venmo but keeps being declined
i would like to download my tax statement but cannot find the link
How do I log out?
How do I deposit a check using the app
Want to change password do to it being compromised
customer support
False charges from online divorce
Locked out of inline banking. Pretty sure if my password but it’s not working.
How many devices are registered to this account
Hi there! I need some help with…reseting online password
Would like to discontinue paper statements on a savings acct
I’m trying to set up a bill pay but keep getting an error
Got a call about a transfer that I did on the mobile app. I did initiate that on the app and would like for it go through.
Hello, we had a check get lost in the mail. Is there a fee for cancelling that check for security purposes?
Hi there! I need some help with… online access
A charge on my account
I don’t see the option where I can take a picture of my check
Gi have a account but I can’t get the portal setup. I think maybe it has the wrong email.
login
I need a pay off amount for my car loan
How do I put a stop payment on a check #6690 for $500?
I was just wanting to make sure there is no penalty for me transferring money from my savings account to my checking account. Please advise.
Every month I have Fubo TV make a withdrawal for 69.98 i think. It always flags as fraud. How do I keep it from flagging as fraud so it will go through without any effort on my part?
Hi Gabby. What is the penalty for withdraing 5yr cd early?
I don't know how to get into my online account.  Can't remember login or password
I had fraud activity in my
I'm locked out of my account, but I don't know my account number, so I can't unlock it.
We just got a vehicle loan yesterday through Sykora family ford. Trying to add vehicle to our insurance. Progressive can’t find extract as a leinholder
My debit card is being declined
My account is locked
Good day\nI need to  change my address but can't where to do it on line. I need checks as well.\nJohn \nAcct # 000000\n
Trust Department phine number
Why was I charged a service fee?
Hi there! I need some help with…
Representative
Why can I not withdraw cash from my account currently ?
Can you unlock my bank account?
how do i set up a monthly bill pay
Hi. I'm  in Senegal Africa.  I'm trying to 3d secure my credit card
I need to speak with a representative about my account.
hi i created my account a few weeks ago and i haven't received a debit card
Does your business have debts that need to be collected, but you’re wary of the reputation of the collections industry?\n\n\nIC System has 84 years of experience in ethical collections practices. Our Consumer Satisfaction Survey has shown that over 99% of debtors feel they were treated professionally during our phone calls. And the higher the call rating, the higher the chances of success in collecting the amount due.\n\n\nIn short, we can help your business get paid without spending your internal resources like
I need to transfer some money from my banking   Account to my sister’s banking account in Sparkman, Arkansas
I got my credit card in and activated it on the activation site will it show on the app the uses and where to pay it ?
Lost debit card
Where is place on app to increase debit amount?
My card won’t let me purchase something online
Double charge appearing on account
Live agent
Wire
Hii
Can’t log in with usual face Id
All of my accounts are showing $0.00 Balances????
Hello.  Someone transfered money to me using Zelle.  Would I receive it?
I dont have card controls or payment and transfers or deposit a check on my drop down menu on the app
Do you have business accounts? And can you sign up online
I applied for a checking account last night, but I haven’t heard back from you yet. Can you help me?
Fraud
I forgot my password
Hello, is there a limit on how much a check can be to deposit thru an ATM
I’m interested in potentially setting up a joint account for my wife and I to have our primary checking account through AIQFinancial. I’m interested in the bonus banking option but am not sure if that is best.
I need to reset my password
I just made a principal payment of $1,000 to my LOC on 3/3/23. Thank you.
What's. My login I
Does the bank in Waco offer notary service?
Hi there! I need some help with...online banking
I seem to have forgotten my log-in info
My debit card keeps getting declined
How do I do mobile deposit
CD Rates
I am having issues setting up a Citi Visa Costco card with bill pay
Yesterday I depositted a check on an extrabanker for $350 and got $200 in cash. It is not showing up do you know when it will show back up in my account??
Why am I getting charged a $5 service charge
Locked myself out of my account after changing password
Trying to find my routing and account number on here
Good morning. I received an email from AIQFinancial saying my tax statement was ready but I just logged in and find no tax documents available in my portal. Suggestions for where to look?
Hi we made a deposit of $500 last night using the virtual teller machine and wonder why it’s not credited to our account yet
Can someone release the funds from the checks I deposited please. For Rockin R Farm and Ranch. I was told to reach out if they don’t become available
how to setup auto pay
my funds transfers aren’t going through
Close account
The holiday messed up when drafts would normally come out of my account. This resulted in $175 worth of overdraft fees. Is there any way to remove some of the fees?
I need help took money from my account on my state card used for alimony, I have no idea what this is
Hello, yesterday I went to the atm around 7:30pm in Belton tx, at the n. Main st. Location. And deposited 100 in my basic checking account. & I do not see this deposit on my account. I am worried.
I used 3 times to log-in and was on the wrong key.  Can you please reset my ability to log in?
Routing number
I need assistance making a tranfer
do you guys do sr22
I need to change my address on my account.  How do I do that online?
Account locked on app. Need to reset
I need my mortgage tax documents
I need a check - can I come into belton AIQFinancial snd get a printed check
I forgot my login name and password
On August 3, I visited the Harker Heights Branch and presented £350 and €160 for currency exchange. I have not seen it post to my account yet. Something seemed odd because I was not given any kind of receipt for the currency. The teller put it in some sort of inner office mailer and indicated it could be a couple weeks before it credited. She remarked that she had never done this type of transaction before.
On line statement
I think my account has been hacked.
Like to open a account
Hi, I have an account at the AIQFinancial Banks in Gatesville.  Is notary service available there?
Need password help.
I didn't make it back to pick up my deposit slips, can I get them in the morning
Setting up a money market account  in office.
Both of
Reset passcode
Do you have a fax number that I can fax an asset verification to?
Fraud dept
Wiring instructions
Hi there! I need some help with…
Zelle
I bought a gift card online with my card but it showing pending
I downloaded the AIQFinancial app to pay my mortgage. How do I set up my username/password?\nDawn Mullins
I need to stop an erroreous payment
Hey I’m trying to reset my password I’ve been locked out my app
Hello, I was wondering how to add my savings account on to my mobile app. I already have my checking in here, but wanted to be able to view my savings as well.
How do I set up my online bank account?
hello, i had got logged out of my account and i dont remember my user, is there any way yall could tell me what my user was?
Title of vehicle
Was trying to see if I could get a credit report
What are the current rates on a Home Equity Loan?
Locked out of checking account
Reset account password
Dispute a transaction
I need to see about 2 credits that have not been posted to my account
Do you have a notary for account holders?
someone withdrew money out our account without permission please help
My online account is currently locked out.
Hi there! I need some help with…
Daily withdrawal limit
Hi there! I need some help with…locked online account
I lost Andy
Forgot password
Change address
Travel notice
Hi
Is your website DOWN?
Hi
can't get a password set
I want my mortgage statement
I need to enroll in direct transfer with Quicken
I locked myself out of my bank app
I'm locked out of my online banking account
business loans
how do  I logoff my mobile account,right now  I have me account oppen on my hpme computer?
I need to verify a cashiers check. Can you help me with that?
Hi there! I would like to know my balance
Howdy! So I got a notification from the the AIQFinancial banking app this morning saying that at 3:53, someone logged into my account. I did not sign in at that time. So, I signed in and looked everything over and nothing seemed amiss except for the record of someone signing in to my account earlier this morning. I was just wondering what I should do about this.
Apply for loan
my card runs out next month whien i get a replacement ?
why am i not seeing  my transactions
I was chatting with Steven and have lost his
How can I get my $350.00 payment to be electronic instead of a check?
Why is my account not showing on my app?
Do you do money orders?
How can I authorize a connection to Quicken?
Visa Credit Card
How do I get line of credit acct to show back up in app?
I forgot my login ID, what should I do?
hello
Hi there! I need some help getting instructions for a 10 day pay off.
can you get foreign currency through AIQFinancial
need help with dispute
I list the person so was chatting with.
What is the minimum balance for my account?
Replacement card
Reset password
password
Hello. I put in a request for a stop pay yesterday evening on a check that bill pay sent out to pay my house payment but the company went ahead and cashed it. I’m fine with that but I called in to the company this morning and did a check paymwnt over the phone. I called the company back ans asked them to cancel the payment over the phone since they already cashed the check. Is there anything that you all need to know or do?
Hi there! I need some help with…checking my mortgage loan
My debit card is not working
Need to update my address
Hello Lisa,
Hi there! I need some help with…
This is Larry  loan act #000000 , I am locked out of my act, can you ll help.  Larry
Tax statement
I am having a difficult time finding the mobile deposit on the mobile banking. I have found where I'm enrolled but can't find where you actually take pics of the check etc
I was chatting with someone about a deposit I made yeaterday
Hi, I don’t have mobile deposit on my app, I go to settings to get it, and it says I already have it, am already set up for it. But it is not in my menu list.  I don’t have it. I want it.
Open basic checking account
How can I get a new card
Phone number branch on south 31 st
Still waiting on response to my previous chat regarding 2 pending charges of 7.91 and 9.99 made today in Bartlett,I’ll.  I have been home all day and have never been to I’ll.  What are these charges???
IRA
if i open an account with you at a branch do i receive a debit card  at that time?
Hello
I need to reset my online password
Need to lock my bank card
I opened the tab just out of curiosity.  Thank you for reaching out.
Hi there! I need some help with…
I have tried since Monday to connect my QBO feed with our AIQFinancial banking accounts.  I have spoken to a gentleman on Monday and told it was a QBO problem.  Spoke with our accountant and they said no, it's AIQFinancial.  Yesterday I wrote back and forth with a lady by chat.  She said she thought she fixed it and to wait until today.  Still not fixed.
In need an MSG - Medallion Signature Guarnatee to change the name on some stocks that I own.  Can I get this from you?
whats google chrome
My link to an outside account is no longer working. The outside account recently changed their app. Can you help
Hi there! I need some help with... how come I can’t transfer money to my linked account
Hi there! I need some help with…my husband has been locked out of his online account. He stopped by the other day but he only had 15 minutes to log in and got tied up so he wasn't successful.
retirement IRA rollover
Finding account number
Forgot pin how can i reset it
I’m having trouble logging in.
I need to know my account and routing number, please.
Im in wyoming just making sure my card is active.
I need to reset my password
I have a morgage through you and I am hoping to refinance
Switch both accounts to estatements.
Hi there! I need some help with…getting into my bank app. It says I’m locked out. I can’t remember my password and it’s not taking my user name neither
Paperless billing
How much is the limit for overdraft if I use my card? I’m negative right now but wanted to swipe for gas
Locked account
Land Loan
Where can I find my taxable interest for 2021
Is there anyone there?
good morning! i need to reset my password due to an invalid login attempt
Can you check and see if someone logged into my online account?
unauthorized debit
How do I open an account?
How to update my phone number
Good morning. Im trying to up today's spending limit by 2500.  How would I go about getting that changed for the day?
I have a trust account showing 15,000.00 over draft. What is that transaction? have problems  remember that ranaction
in the past, one of the services offered to customers was free fax service. Is that still offered?
Infuriated
Can you tell me how to find the balance for a specific date?
I want inquire about my negative balance. This is not correct. A deposit was made via atm on Feb 18 with cash.
How do I add a nickname to an external account which I transfer funds to periodically?
what is my routing number?
Donations/ sponsorahip
External transfer deposit not showing
locked out of online accont
Hi, i am a customer of your bank.  i need to order a cashers check, do you have this service?  Thanks!
How do I make a payment on my credit card in the app
i need to reset my password, its locked
I have about 30 of the same charge on my account
Hi
What information do I need to have someone send me a wire?
Deposit
how do i send an email i am wanting to close my account
Unlock logon
Hi, my name is Haydin Davis and I came inside the bank on Valley Mills yesterday to make a cash deposit. I used the cash machine and the machine took my cash. The message on the screen said that my cash or checks had been retained. It was about $147 dollars. The two women I spoke to about the issue assured me that the issue would be taken care of with the back bank and that I should see the amount in my bank by the end of yesterday. However, it's the next day and I still can't see the amount in my checking account. Just wanted to check on this issue! This happened on 7/19 at 3:34 PM at ATM 000000
Atm withdrawal limit
I'm locked out of my online account and need help accessing it
Hi there! I need some help with… logging into my AIQFinancial app
Hi there! I need some help with...finding my payoff
Yesterday I made a deposit of 2,000 dollars, and it doesn't appear in my account. And my card isn't working
Personal loan
Looking for the nearest ATM  near me
Representative
Can't find deposit feature on app
What’s my routing number
Mayra, I set up with PNC an account but would prefer to do from my AIQFinancial bill pay, is PNC set up as a account that pops up? They said to wait to cancel my check
Is there not an option for bill pay on the updated app?
Delay payment
how do i close an account online?
I've had several emails alerting me to invalid password attempts on my account. I have already changey password. Is there anything else I can do to protect my account?
What is prizeout for $ 80.00 on my acct?
Im seeing messages that Ive logged in 2 hours ago, but I haven’t been
wire
what is the daily limit for transfers
My name is Mary Ann. I just to some, I need to find out why I was charged 31 us dallors. I did not authorize it
Yes, can you let me know when this account was initially established?
Home depot was supposed to return 250.00 but it shows a minus 250.00
Extra ####
I need to deposit a several thousand dollar check and I need to know if I have to go by a branch drive through or if the ITM will accept the deposit.  thank you.
I want to transfer money from one account to another but I cannot find the transfer option on my app.
Hi there! I need some help with I'm locked out my account it said I needed to change my password yesterday so I changed it and have been getting emails saying invalid password and now I'm locked out
Hi there! I need some help with…
Check cashing
I would like to inquire as to how much our CD interest will make us in the coming 10 months.
Why can't I get bill pay to work on my account it keeps telling me there is an error try again later for about a month now
Expo22 Mary
Good morning, do your bank do currency exchange?
check question
Minimum to open checking account
How to access my 1099 form
Agent
Trying to see if my account is closed
Card swap
Yesterday, I received in the mail an envelope from the bank with a check.  I had directed the bank to pay one of my bills and the check was sent to me even though the top portion of the page had the address to the business I was trying to pay. I need to know how this happened and what I need to do to make sure my bills paid through bill pay get to the business ON TIME.  The bank issues the check on January 26, 2022. Would appreciate your help
How do I dispute a transaction I didn't approve?
I need help to reset me password please
I am trying to log in to my app on my phone to make a deposit.  It won't let me log in.  Says that my password is incorrect, even though it works for my online account.
Hello
I am traveling out of state tomorrow, 19 February. My husband and I need to mark our cards for traveling so they don't get locked up when something unusual comes across the line.
Good morning.  I am disputing the overdraft fees that were billed this morning. I Noticed a check had cleared and I transferred the money into the account via cashapp before 430 last night.  The fees were $105 and my account is negative less than $100.
Hi it's me
I need to know how to go about setting up a bank account for my son since he is only 17
139 x 104
Dispute a transaction
Hi there! I need some help with…
What is the current interest rate to purchase a new vehicle.
Hello
good I’m Trying to transfer money to my cash all
I am requesting information on Home Equity Loans
Add card to Apple Pay
forgot password
My account is locked and I can't log in to my app
I got a call from 1-xxx-xxx-8990 saying they were with you wanting to verify recently activity on my bank account . Is this y’all or a scam number?
Some how I got charged 33us dollars for some thing I did not authorize.  It says savvy saving, I want to cancel it and my money back
I am filling out an eft form for my business to receive funds and they want an eft email for the bank. What is best to use?
Hi there! I need some help with…
Yall been open today or what
I am locked out of my online banking
Complaint
Hello, I am attempting to make a purchase at Keith Ace Hardware in Hewitt for a little over $2500 and I am being declined
Hi there! I need some help with…login
I locked myself out of my app
Question about my account
Routing number
Close my account
Forgot password
How can i see how much i spent for the whole yesr
I am afraid my account has been closed and my refund is set to be sent to this account
Hi there! I need some help with…my online account I am locked out
I have no way to make mobile deposit even though I am enrolled
I’m trying to find my savings account number and routing number
How can I check to see how much money is on my card?
Digital wallet
I was chatting w Lisa in regard to a service fee of 1.95
Does your bank have a way tomake online ach transfers from other banks?
Unauthorized charges in my account
I’m trying to deposit a check through the scan feature and I can’t find where to do that at
Is your bill pay site still not functioning?
I disabled my debit card yesterday but I still have my card how can I reable it?
Locked account
What is the most we can spend on debit in a day?
i need to put a new phone number for my account
Need to fund out qherw all my money is
Why do all of our  accounts show 0 balances??
Just checking to see if this works
My card won’t work
Expo 2022
I received a letter about an inactive account and I would like to close that account.
Trying to buy tires and getting a declined over limit message.
I need to make a travel notification
Trying to get mailing addresses for Sean and Brian?
a friend is buying a car from me and his bank is in CO, he wants to wire transfer the funds to my account at AIQFinancial.  He said I need to get a form from AIQFinancial?  Is that correct?
I have a check from a client of AIQFinancial from the city of Gatesville and I am in Fort Worth where is the closest branch I could use to cash this check/?
I trying figure where can I find my routing number and account number at?
I am out of the country and I am unable to use my debit card
Can I set up a CD online?
Expo 2022
I'm trying to set up online access to my account and i keep getting an error message
ATM
I want to make sure an account is closed and when it was closed
Question with “ bill pay”
Hi! I am looking into business accounts/debit cards. What are the limits for sales and atm transactions with a business debit card? Thanks!
What is the current auto loan rate
Friends out their , Attention, this scam did happen to me buy of all people convincing me she was a long lost family member. She was very convincing and up to date on her information. My bank help me so much. I think if it were not for friends and help of my AIQFinancial bank I would be in a straight jacket by now. Please take heed to what the bank is saying. It can happen to anyone.
Can i deposit a check on here
Do you have a fax number.  I need to order a payoff on an installment loan.
Need to retest my account
looking for my mortgage tax statement
Close business account
I need to pick up some temporary checks today. Can I get those printed through an iTM or do I need to come in to a branch?
I have a double payment to olio restaurant they say on their end it’s only showing one so I need to dispute the second transaction for 94.50
IM TRYING TO GET AN AUTO LOAN PAYOFF, BUT HAVE BEEN ON HOLD FOR 30 MINUTES...CAN YOU HELP?
Our checking account is not showing up on either the mobile app or web login.  Please assist.
Where can I find my direct deposit information
How do I take off the overdraft on my account?
Where can I find my 1099-INT for my account?
agent
Do I need an initial deposit to open a checking account
Can you check pending deposits
Hello. I received fraud alerts and blocked my card. What's the faster way I can get a new card?
How long does it take for mobile check deposits to clear?
How can I transfer funds to an unlinked bank account
What is the status of my application for a secured credit card
Is there a notary at the Belton location?
Can we exchange usd for pesos at the Belton branch?
Hello, I wanted to notify you that my husband, Jeff , are traveling to Mexico 2/12-2/10.
How do I close my mobile app screen? I don't see an X to get out so I can resume what I was working on.
Is there a glitch with the app?? It says all my money is gone from all 3 accounts
Hello! Can i change my address in the app?
I want to stop payment from my debit card through Venmo in the snout if $275.00 Lambert  Carter it was a scam
Transaction
Hi I recently submitted request online to open account however after learning more i see that BANK ON would be a better fit for me. Can you help me get started with that my name is Debbie Blakely
Increase daily limits
Steven
Do you all have zelle
Why did my monthly payment to TriEagle Energy change from an ACH payment to a Master Card ending in 7265?
I like see if I can get  overdraft  on my account
I have transferred the current balance in my money market account 000000 into my business account 000000.  Please close the money market account 000000.
I'm locked out of my account.  Patricia Webster 000000.
I am having a hard time logging into my account
virtual visa card
I was attempting to print 2019  bank statements from our son’s basic checking account .  The electronic bank statements that I found go to August 2020. Is it possible to get 2019 bank statements?
Hi there! I need some help with…
How to get a loan
Hi there! I need some help with…changing my password
I am locked out of my account
Need to change address on my account
I applied for an account but haven’t heard anything yet
My card is disabled and I am on vacation
Deposit listed as pending
Routing number
Change address
Make arrangements to make car loan payment
How do I change my phone number on my account
Hello
I needcmy loan account number
I want to cancel my account
Can I reset online banking login
Hi there! I need some help with… locked out of my online banking
Hi Gabby, why my accounts are 0.00  ?
Make a auto loan pymt
What is my deposit limit
I just need to check and see if you have received my income tax yet.
Can I connect m account to Zelle?
Hi there! I need some help with…my card it’s locked out
password reset for business checking
Account locked
test
Joseph
I need to reset my password
Thanks for calling. Can I help you with a text instead?\n\n-Sent from Text Free
Mobile bank transfer is failing to transfer
I received professional and courteous service from Nathan. He is knowledgeable and very efficient.  Thank you.
Financial advisors
There is a pre authorization for $1 from a keusan.info. please block this from my account.
Can I deposit a check on my mobile bank?
Banker
I want to check on my new account application
Morning,
Hi there! I need some help with…my login
What is my account number
Check deposit
I was charged overdraft fees and I want them refunded.
Hi, I'm trying to figure out where to pay our first month's mortgage after buying our house. The loan was sold to Wells Fargo but it's not showing up on our WF account yet.
Help with validation of a cashiers check issued from your bank
I need my card unlocked
Hi there! I need some help with…locked out of mobile app
Safety deposit boxes
I need to change my password
Routing number
I filed the fraud report and also disputed the transaction
Hi my car was broken into last night and the checkbook was sitting on our seat (was in the console). Is there a way we can cancel and incoming checks that they might have taken?
reset paswword
Trying to transfer money to another account
I want to open a checking account
Hi there! I need some help with…inactive account
i forgot my ebank login
I need someone to register my account so I can change my password
Hello
need to cancel appointment with Alia Mitchell
I need some help
Hi there! I need some help with…mobile check deposit.   Is not shown on my mobile app
IM LOCKED OUT OF MY ACCT
I'm curious to open a savings account
I am moving to Irvine, CA.  I have recently opened a checking and savings account with Bank of America.  I was wanting to transfer $100 from my AIQFinancial checking and money market account to my Bank of America accounts.  How do I transfer money from AIQFinancial to Bank of America?
Hi there! I need some help with…
I accidentally locked my self outta my bank account typing in the wrong password was typing in my cash app password instead
For some reason my card isn’t working. I tried using it online and said I had insufficient funds?
I am trying to make a $1,700 payment using my debit card and it is getting declined.  Can you check to see what my limit is on my business account?
I had a deposit I brought in to the bank, it was credited then taken back out?
Need help with my debit card
Lock card
Hi there! I need some help with…logging into banking.
My QuickBooks account is having trouble linking with my extra co account
Online banking
I have forgot my username for my online banking
I want to access online account but phone number is wrong.
I can’t find the mobile deposit button on the app.
Need online  account unlock
Hello, I have an AIQFinancial Premier client debit card that hasn't been used (probably not activated).  What do I need to do to use it?
Got lock out on my password trying to look at my account
I want to contact an AIQFinancial bank associate by phone. What number should I dial?
My bank card keeps getting flagged transactions not working
I just received a text about fraud.  Don't know that it's valid,
What the limit of Ach per day
Hi! I don’t see the mobile deposit option on my app. Could you advise?
what tab would i find change my address on
Missing cash deposits from 1/27
where do I find the IRS interest paid 1099?
How to retrieve log in ID
Hello,  Our account was charged a return mail fee.  Can you please help me with that.  Thank you
How do I make a mobile deposit to my account  using  my phone?
I can’t log in to my online account and door dash can’t run my card
Transactions
How do I put a stop payment on a lost check
How much does AIQFinancial charge to manage my Ira account
Good Morning, for some reason my account is not updating on the app or by going to the website. So I called, and it says my account is inactive and hangs up, I am about to have a meltdown. Has someone hacked my account
Hi there! I need some help with…locked myself out of my account
Debit card not processing
Hi, I need to transfer funds from another bank (in OK) to AIQFinancial.  How do I do that?
My card is not accepting loan transfers or cashapp deposits. Is something wrong?
Lisa for Steven
Unlock account
I opened an Easy Checking account, and I am not seeing in my Accounts list.
Where do I find my account number
Help! Our account is INACTICE?!? We’re confused
Unlock card
Business checking
Hello
How do I deposit a check using the app?
I need help reseting my password.
I can't get bill pay to work on my phone..  It always says bill pay error try again later
Can I get a 1 time mobile deposit limit increase for over $1,500.00
Why does no one respond
What are the things needed to avoid service fees?
I would like to add an external account from First National Bank of Central Texas I have the routing number and the account number.
where to locate tax form
1099-int statement
Forgot password
Hi there! I need some help with…
I need help figuring out how download my statements since 2018
How long does it take get account information when opened online?
Hi there! I need some help with finding out if my loan is assumable. I do not have my account number.
Is there single girls
Good Morning....i am logged out of mobile banking and i cant get back in
I don’t know my account number to reset my password online. Thank you
Can I transfer money from my AIQFinancial account to another banks account
How can I get my 1099-INT form for my taxes
Hi there! I need some help with…
Hi. My name is Robert & my wife & I are moving to the Temple area effective June 20, 2022.  We have bought a home at Faith Hill Drive.  We want to open a checking account at your bank.  Can you help?
How many stimulus checks did I get and what amount in 2021
Hi! I posted a $200 payment to my credit card last night and did not realize some prior transactions had yet to process at the time. I am seeking advice to navigate the situation, as I’m now looking at an impending overdraw.
Hey my card is getting declined for a game im wondering why that is
I keep getting calls about fraud or something? Just wanna make sure everything on my account is ok
I am locked out
Blocked transactions
hello Major, can you enable me to reset my password please.  Just spoke to someone on the phone and they said they took care of it, but I still can't
The owner would like to add a signer to the account. What steps need to be taken?
i dont have tge check deposit option
Business banking number
hi
Live chat
Hi there! I need some help with…I'm in Mexico and need my debt card to work
Hello
Im trying to find my account number
Daily limit
I have a have wove as hard time with this This is. not easy for me but. I keep trying.
I need to suspend my wife’s card Heather she can’t find it after she used it at el tap
What is my login account?
Hello.
Hi there! I need some help with my pin
Financing
Hi there! I need some help with…I have been locked out of my mobile app
Transfer to external account
Hello! Could you please provide me with AIQFinancial Banks' mortgagee clause for an insurance policy?
I cancelled my debt card because I thought my info was stollen but it’s not can I reactive it?
Hi, my wife and I have a charge on our checking acct that is incorrect.  It is still pending, but we were overcharged substantially.
I keep getting a charge on my credit card for savvysavings and my bank declines it.  I have never heard of AIQFinancial or savivysavings.  Tom
I know my log in and password is correct but I am now locked out of my account. What can I do to gain access to my account
Hello, it appears my Bill Pay is locked.
Routing number please
How do I input a target address in order to change what security alerts I get?
I’m trying to transfer money it won’t let me y
I was locked out while attempting to do online banking.
Hi there! I need some help with my account being locked
Login locked on app. Need to reset please.
I’d liked to close my savings account today. I just transferred everything out of it.
how i change my password
Hi gabby
I have been hearing about digital money becoming manditory as early as July 4th this year..  Is this true?  Will your bank be a party to it?  Is there any way we can stay out of that situation and still conduct our financial business?
How much funding is needed to opem
I need my account number because I’m locked out of the app. What do I need to provide to get that?
my debit card is expired
Someone is trying to log into my account
Hi there! I need some help with…
Hi! Can you please tell me how to create a savings account?
I need to get copies or access to my 2018 and 2019 bank statements.  How do I go about that?
I seem to have forgotten my password but could not find where to go and locate it can you help please
I have an Apple Pay card with money on it why am I being punished by not being allowed to transfer or use it for whatever I want? Apple told me I can only buy Apple products. And that’s it
Hi there! I need some help with…I think I have been hacked
Where can I mobile deposit a check on this app?
I still need to come into the Copperas Cove branch to open an account for Venture, BSA. Tried calling the branch but no one answered. Also, could not find the appt form mentioned while on hold.
I need to get a copy of a check sent through bill pay.  They are not finding our payment in their system.  I see the payment details on my bill history, but the transaction isn't showing up on my account transactions list.  Payment was to North Texas Tollways for 10.39 on 11/4.  Confirmation number is 867.
I need 3 months of statements to show my income
I just deposited on Friday 160 and say I’m negative and today 100 why is going on
I need to reset passcode on my account
Wire transfer
Unable to set online account
Can I mobile deposit checks on the app?
Replacement debit card
Where do I go to online deposit checks?
Hi there! I need some help with… I need to make an appointment to open a new account.
how can I cash a check through the app
Change address
my bank shows zero balance for both checking and savings but it does not show any transactions that would cause this.  I had 1800 in my saving yesterday and it shows zero.
i need to make my carpayment
How can i get my login information? I forgot it and im trying to link my account to the GetUpside app to transfer money earned
I don't see the savings account I opened up on my protal
The login screen is saying my username is wrong, it has been the same since I started my account in 2018.
Hi there! I need some help with…
Hi there! I need some help with… my debit card:\n\nI was just at the WalMart in Temple, TX and my AIQFinancial debit card was declined.  Please advise - text or call; thx
How do I notify you I am out of country so I can still use my card and not have any troubles?
64 x 139
why is my checking balance showing zero
Hi there! I need some help with…mobile banking
Transfer money with Zelle
do you have notary service?
I'm trying to find out if there's a location with the drive through open today in waco
what is mark brownings mailing address
deposit check online
I'm locked out of my account and need access.
Active card
mortgage statements
How do I setup to transfer money to another bank?
Hi my account locked me out and it says the password I have been using is wrong
Hi there! I need some help with…a charge on my account from 6/28.....\n\nData research, inc 000000 ACH Entry Memo\n\nNot sure what this it
Hi I was curious if after cashing a check are funds are immediately available
fraud alert
I deposited a check on 3/1/2022.  It appears it went to the wrong account which does not belong to me.
How do I find IRS form 1099-INT?
Where’s the bill pay button
Hi there! I need some help with…making a mobile deposit
i need help with a transaction
Do I have a pending deposit
64 x 139
Lara EXPO2022
Trying to transfer funds
debit cards
Hey, I have Stetson Vestal here. He only has a loan with AIQFinancial. Loan # 000000. He was here on the 1st to make a cash loan payment. While here he set up an ACH to make payments going forward. Although the ACH already pulled from his external account. Now I don't know who helped him set up the ACH here or what they set the start date to, but he is a tad upset that it already came out and he made to payments. He was wondering if he could get one payment back since he wasnt expecting to make two payments.
I currently use the consumer bill payment function and the funds are taken out of my checking account, can I have it taken out of my MM Invest account instead?
New account
Can I download the document that shows my interest received for my taxes?
I have been locked out of on line bank account again.
Hello, i am requiring technical assistance with my online account. I am locked out. I used the password i was required to change on May 24th
Hi there! I need some help with…\nDoing a travel alert.  Seems like I have completed it online before but can't find it now.
frustrated with this web site i need to make changes and the options are not on here
I was looking for something I can send my checks in with like I would like to take a picture of it and then it be able to be in my bank
Scholarships
what,s the process for filling out a POD form
Good morning, I'm trying to find out where the funds was transferred. Mobile I did not transfer any mobile Funds
Can I get the lady at the belt on bank in the mortgage dept phone? I think her name maybe Joann.
Hi there! I need some help with…I have money missing
Hi there! I need some help with…atm deposit
Possible fraud
Mobile deposit
I had around $1,000 in bills I paid that were showing up at the end of last week but no longer show. I'm trying to check on them before I accidentally double pay them and get overdrafted
My Mobile deposit isnt working. It has always worked before.
I cannot get into my online account and have been on hold twice for over 30 minutes
Hi! I would like to open a saving account to transfer money into
Hi Gabby, I saw online that there is a teller position available at the location in Gatesville, Texas but I am unable to find where to apply for it on the company website.  TY Janice
Hi how do I deposit my check through mommy bank app
Where do I find my tax documents?
Hi there! I need some help.  I thought I could pre-order a money order and then go by the branch to pick up
I had message alert it everything fi e
customer service
Change of address
Hello, I’m locked out of my app. I’m trying to get back in but it’s not accepting my account number.
My account balances
card number
Need to reset password
I put in 100.00 why is it still not there
Holiday schedule
I don’t know my bank account number
Appointment
I need to change my password
Hi there! I need some help with… getting my account number
Hello, I just moved and can't find all of my paperwork right now. Could you please tell me when my account was opened?
Why cant i see my accounts?
Hello is the bank going to be open Saturday November 12 ? After Friday 11 holiday
I have tried to print off the check that returned to my account plus what that check cost me.  It will not copy for me. can you please send me a copy of both? Vickie
E statement
Does my debit card/bank support cashapp instant transfer?
I suspect fraud
i am lock out and cannot con tact any one
I’m locked out of my online banking e
Attempting to transfer funds one account to another. Failed 4 times.
I need to talk about auto loans.
I am locked out of my account and need it unlocked and password reset
Hello, I am needing to cancel my mother's, sarah richard's debit card. but am unable to locate where to do this on the AIQFinancial site.  we are both on the account.  I am unable to speak with anyone yet and phone 24 is not helpful.    where on the AIQFinancial site can i cancel and re-issue a debit card?
Opening account
my card is declining. and I have money
I keep getting locked out of my account when Face ID fails to login in. Can you help me please?
Account number
Hi there! I need some help with…\n\nPaying down payment on truck
Good afternoon, what email address does the MDC limit email come from?
Is the Georgetown location open on Monday January 16,2023
is Drive thru open
Money stuck in atm
I deposited my check yesterday and it’s not even showing as pending in my account I have the receipt next to me showing it went through though
Overdraft protection
Hello
Where can i find how much money i have in my account on this app
Hi there! I need some help with…using a card when traveling. \nWe are in Missouri with family and my son wants to use his debit card. Do we have to do anything special to let you know before using the card? Or is he ok to do so?
I'm trying to deposit my rent from a debit card into my landlord's account
I put my money in the wrong account can you move it for me?
Hello
Hi there! I need some help with connecting to the server. After putting in my password I eventually get a red box that tells me I can't connect to the server at this time. This has been going on for days.
Does AIQFinancialbanks finance used motorhomes? 2016 model, very low mileage
Deposit form
Hi. How do I transfer money from my AIQFinancial account to my Florida checking account with Truist?
Hi there! I need some help with…
I would like to get an appointment to open a basic checking.  I have seberal accounts with AIQFinancial at the present.
How can deposit a check
Hi there! I need some help with...  increase deposit limit per day.  I have a check for 4000 to deposit and all it say is SEE tips.
Is the drive up opened now in Belton texas
my card was declined at two seperate locations this afternoon. One for $ 9.15 and the other time for a bit over $6.00. It says I have $ 75.00 in checking account. Whats up?
My auto payment is due 3/28. I was going to see if there was any way to extend the payment till 4/7?
I don’t need help!  Just checking to see if it’s working.
Hi there! I need some help with a mobile money transfer from my account to my mother's account. It is not giving me the option to select her account for transfer.
having trouble logging in
I am locked out of my account and can’t remember my oassword
I need help with my password.  I am concerned with fraud
Does AIQFinancial support venmo
Trying to assure I’m not charged twice for a transaction yesterday.
Login username
This is for Myra
balance on car loan
Can I make ACH payments with account
does the bank take zelle?
I have an business account at Belton main branch, I am looking for Safe deposit Box
 it won't take the Texell bank account format
My savings account isn’t showing in the mobile app or at AIQFinancial.com. It had a small balance, but it’s always been available with online banking. I appreciate your help!
What address do I use for direct deposit form?
000000\nCustomer is wanting to see what options she would have to cover her negative balance on her account
The login screen has the wrong date listed for AIQFinancial banking locations being closed.  It should be January 15th. Screen reads the 16th.  This may confuse some customers.
I need to stop auto draft for insurance payments from my personal account do I need to come in in person
Having trouble accessing my accounts ..?it does not recognize my face or accept my 🆔
Where can I find my 1099-int on here?
CD document password
Thank you. Have a nice day
Can you help unlock online banking via chat?\n\nMy name is Christina and the account is Region 12 ATPE
I want statements mailed to me
Unlocking my account
I need help paying a loan online
Sorry, no message.
How can I deposit my check online?
I want to know if a check was sent to me
I lost my debit card
Is AIQFinancial open on Saturday
In trying to log into my bank alp an
Routing number
Can’t remember my login name
Need to know when I will receive my debit card
How do I change my address with my debit card if I move? Do I just keep the old address until the card expires?
My debit card wasn't working last night.
Trying to get my money back
Why are my accounts showing zero
How can I transfer funds from my account to another bank?
Hi there! I need some help with…questionable fraud
Just was wondering why i got a 1.99 charge on my account
I was chatting with an agent, Erik and the chat refreshed
Can you tell me how a wire transfer works and how much they cost? We’re trying to pay off a loan and the company said doing a wire transfer is the fastest way to get the money to them if we wanted to do it that way.
Good morning. I think my account has been hacked. Can you please help me?
Hello.  I have a debit on my account that I believe is fraud.  Can you help me?
please call at xxx-xxx-3322 about bill pay problem.  thanks David Crews
Can u tell me my borrowing limit on my line of credit acct?
Hi there! I need some help with… Unlocking my account. Do I need to call or can I do it through here?
Good Morning...I was curious if I am able to make ACH transfer via my account or if that is only available with business accounts?
wire trasnfer
I have received Notifications recently that an invalid password has been used to try to access my account. Is this legitimate? I haven’t accessed my account using my password today that I know of. But the most recent notification was from today about eight minutes ago.
I would like to inquire re: a low interest home improvement loan
I got locked out of my account online
Check on status of escrow refund
Hi there! I need some help with…
Account access
Bill pay his phone number
Hi there! I need some help with…unlocking account
I just changed my password and now I’m locked out
I need to change my physical and mailing address
I am looked out on my online account
VENMO
I can't find the mobile deposit button
Why can I not view my tax statements
I got locked out of my account yesterday.  Can you help me get access to it again?
Is my reaccurring monthly payment still set up?
Savings account
What is my routing number?
I need the lienholder address for auto loans.
Hello! What’s your interest rate for a personal loan  for $40,000
Why does my balance say 0 in both of my accounts?????
Hi there! I need some help with… I have been locked out of my online account
Locked out of account
I cannot access my accounts on line.  Message says wrong password, but I used the one that I have been using for several months & I have not changed it.  My accounts are under the name of James Loudermilk
How do I make a mobile check deposit on the ap
How to make a payment with credit card?
Can I transfer from my AIQFinancial account to a wisely debit card?
Wire transfer to my account.
I need help to t make a schedule transfer to non AIQFinancial bank account.
We received a paper statement in the mail yesterday. We did not request paper statement since we just use online banking.
I have a question about a personal loan
What banking  center near zip code 76501 offers trust...estate...services?
I suspect fraud
I can’t remember my login id
Transfer account
How do I find out who is listed as beneficiary on my account?
Hi, I made a cash deposit lastnight and its not showing in my account?
Can you help me cancel a payment to a store please
i would like to add a privacy code to my account please. So I can make getting access to my account easier for me.
Am I able to link my AIQFinancial account with Zelle?
Hello
I am locked out of my app
Password help
I like to try and get a loan.
I applied for a credit card and was approved but I haven't received my card yet.
How do I order checks for my business account?
Is there a form I can use for direct deposit if I do not have checks verifying my routing number and account number for my employer
Transfer to another account at another bank
Is there a limit I can obtain using ExtraBanker
I can’t login to online banking. It asks if I want a call or text but only has my old phone number on it. I need help changing that phone number
I'd like to cancel my account
apple pay
I was declined Buisness but made a deposit and need it back
I am trying to see pending transactions
I’m locked out of my online account
Hi there! I need some help with getting a payoff amount on my car note
AIQFinancial banks app on Android does not show mobile check deposit. Where is it located?
I would like to make a one time mortgage payment but when I go to do that it requests I login
I am trying to set up my loan payment for my house. We just refinanced. The loan is with AIQFinancial. Is it already set up? I ask because I keep getting an error message. I can't seem to set up a schedule for that under loan payments. What do I do?
Estate account
Hello
Hi there! I need some help with… getting a new debit card since my chip no longer works
Debit card
Need to change a passcode on mobile app
Mobile deposit
Hi there! I need some help with…
I have a checking account and a money market account with AIQFinancial.  I want to close the money market account and transfer all of the funds to my checking account.  Can I close the money market account online?
Will I be able to deposit a check with the ATM today?
I received a text message saying that one of the cards on my account is locked.
does AIQFinancial offer heloc loans
Erik buen dia soy Luis cuando puedas por favor dame una llamada. Gracias
Card is on hold
How do I deposit a check
I would like to close the 2 accounts with zero balances please.
How do I log into ebamk
Hi who do I need to call to get into my mobile banking I’m locked out
I am locked out of my account. The user name is not working
How do I order checks?
resetting password
Is belting drive thru gonna open sat feb 5
Ordering checks
Hello
how can I pay loan payment online with a different Bank
Since the atm machine was removed from lampasas where can I get money out of my account without being charged
My account does not reflect a refund made on 4/23. Can you please check?
Missing deposit
Adding account to AIQFinancial app
Hi there! I need some help with… there's a charge on my acct for $11.87 through jagex that was not made by me
Hi Lisa Johnson!!
I am trying to transfer funds between two of my own accounts
Agent
why have you taken £29.99 from me
am i able to deposit a check on my mobile app?
Traveling
This is lisa, Im testing something.
Hi there! I need some help with…stop payment with crunch fitness. It will be 190
Good morning I'm trying to figure out how can I make my spending limit higher on my card cuz I have to make a $4,600 payment at the moment to a concrete company
Can I make a deposit at an atm on the network?
Locked out
how do i transfer
Am I able to order Mexican Pesos?
I need a letter stating my account is closed
What are the requirements for a simple savings account?
autopay
Need my password reset?
Trying to purchase mattress  transferred funds but no available funds need money now
Reset password
Commercial Bank Loan Application
What time is the deadline to deposit cash to counter that negative balance so I don’t get an over draft charge
I just got an security alert on my phone saying invalid password but i haven’t been on my bank app this afternoon. i am now locked out because someone tried to get into my account
Need to pay auto loan
Hi there. My AIQFinancial debit card expires this month. When may I expect the new one?
Mobile app username
is there a way to set up automatic payments for car loans?
payment declined
I have been locked out of my online account. Can you help me back in?
Can I put money in my landlord account online or over phone
Trying to get information on Lot/Land Loans and/or Construction Loans - no answer when call 761-2211
Hi there! I need some help with…need new password to access accounts
My decor card is not working and I'm on a trip for the next 10 days. This is my only pay option.
Good morning, I have Kami with  Central Texas. I spoke to Chrystal and an ACH dispute will need to be done. Can you please assist me with a transaction that was done on 10/10 from Epay in the amount of $25.00 from account ending # 2245 CIF: CIF  C000000
Hi there! I need some help with…routing number
I am trying to check my password settings
Good Morning I had a school refund that was sent to my account. The university is saying the refund should have hit yesterday but my account doesn’t reflect that. I just wanted to make sure it was sent by the university.
I need to stop a pending ACH from processing immediately to American Express.
Legal Orders
I’m unable to use my card.  I just opened a new account
I am trying to see if I have a pin number. I tried to deposit a check and it said I had the incorrect pin.
I need to close my account. We are no longer near an AIQFinancial banks location and it has become very inconvenient
Need routing number and checking number
How do I update our billing address? We are moving this weekend and need to do so
I need to unlock my online account. Can you help?
Someone accessed my account  with a device/browser  need help on what to do
Can you guys tell me if I have money in my account?
Someone stole all of our money!!
Where is bill pay on app
Hi there! I need some help with…increasing my daily limit so I can book a trip
Forgot account number
Why does my account show a charge back?
Hi. Who do I contact for help logging into net teller and app? I seem to be locked out. \nThanks
is there a fee to void a check
I have a new address that will be effective August 1st.
Hi there! I need some help with…my app. I tried to log in and it went crazy somehow and locked me out.
 number with the last 4 - 5089  is fraudulent. I couldn't find where to change my pw. The correct number is xxx-xxx-3699 and has always been on the account.  Please address this ASAP. I will try to call in between seeing my patients
Hi there! I need some help with…my log in information
I never signed up for this so I have no idea why you are trying to get $54.95 from my pay pal!!!!!
Hi there! I need some help with… my balance
How do i transfer money to a non AIQFinancial member bank
My Sept 12 payment was returned and needs to be run again
THE ATM AT THE LORENA CITY HALL LOCATION IS NOT WORKING.  PLEASE REPORT TO THE APPROPRIATE DEPT.
We are going  out of state and want to make sure our card doesn't have issues
Locked out my account
Lost card
Hello Erik its Mary I was wondering can you tell me if I have beneficiaries on my account there>>
I think my card isn’t working or something?
Im locked out of my app
I can’t remember my username
Does the AIQFinancial branch in Copperas Cove offer same day debit card replacement?
Forgot password
Where can I print my 1099 for last year?
If I deposit a check from Merrill Lynch at the ATM into my personal account at the drive through, can I get cash out from the deposit today
Change address
Hi there! I need some help with… late fees on auto loan
I’ve had an alert that someone has tried to log into my account and got an invalid password three times in the last few days. What do I need to do to secure my account to insure I will not get hacked?
Where could I find an official direct deposit form? I need one for a job I am on boarding with
What do I click on to get my 1099 int?
How do I get my account out of the negative? Can I apply for a loan that could assist me?
hello
**********
Customer representative
I received a message stating i left my DL at the 31st street location.  Can i get that through the drive through or do i need to come inside?
Bank bag
Would like to do a stop- payment on an automatic draft.
How do I use an ATM machine at AIQFinancial to withdraw some cash? Cause I don't know how to use an ATM machine
Why is my account negative?
how do i deposit a check online?
how do I change my pin from the website?
Hello, I’m leaving on a trip out of the country and wanted to see if y’all need to make a note on my account of that in case I need to use my debit card while there.
Who can I contact about refinancing cars?
This is the best bank ever. Thank you so much for your amazing service. I am very grateful.
Fraudulent Activities
Our car payment has been made to SunTrust, Account Number but we have a notification that will be changing to Truist
Yes my account is blocked and I can't access it
We closed our accounts on 01/06.  I received notification today from AIQFinancial that our tax statement was available and I needed to log in to view and download it.  There is nothing available on the website, probably because we recently closed the account, but we still need our tax statement from last year.  Can you help me??
Expo2022
Can’t change phone number in bank account
Hi there! I need some help with…activate debit card
Can I put an extension on my payment. I just moved and I can’t pay my payment this month
Hi is the 211.00 I transfer is available for use on my debit card ending 3495
I have a refund need see if it went thur its 81 motel 6 I don't see it
Do yall have notary?
Do you know how much was deposit in the account today
I have not changed my login info so why can't I login?
My online account was disabled I need it turned back on.
Hi I need to open two basic savings accounts
Having trouble resetting my password
Hi there! I need some help with…making sure I can purchase a trailer with my bank card.
Hello! Why are you bothering me
Does AIQFinancial cash mature savings bonds, if I have an account?
Limit
Is my account ACH transactions eligible?
need help with online account. Have forgotten username and password
I need the PIN to my account
should I get a tax form for the interest paid on my loan?
I need my routing and account number to set up a new direct deposit
Where do I find my tax statement?
Hi there! I need some help with… unlocking my account on the mobile app
Hi there! I need some help with…
I have locked myself out of my account...can you help me?
Hi there! I need some help with... is my card locked
debit card fraudulent charges
Not able to log in mobile banking
Are you interested in receiving a professional janitorial or disinfection quote for your business? I’d like to provide a strategy to take care of all your facility needs, along with excellent communication and customer service.\n \nSome of our satisfied customers include Seaworld, Phillips Toyota, and Primrose School, just to name a few.\n \nJust send me a quick reply and I’d be happy to schedule a site visit and give you a complimentary, no-obligation quote.\n \nHave a great day!\n \nRay Gagliardi\nRegional Directo
Hi there! I need some help with…\nIs notary service available for an existing customer at the Waco midway branch? And if so do I have to make an appointment?
What is the charge from the Daily Wire of $256?  I didn’t make it.
I need my 2021 tax statement from AIQFinancial. I have tried finding it online
I’m looking to get my car payoff amount and interest rate
I need to reset my password
Hello I made a deposit yesterday and still hasn’t reflected on my account
Item return fee
Are mobile deposits available
Payoff on auto loan
ATM Pin reset??
Hi there- I called about setting up an appointment for tomorrow in Hamilton for a new business account and LOC.  I was told someone would call but I haven't heard from anyone yet.
Mobile deposit limit
Hello Mayra. I have logged onto my account as you have asked.
I need to order checks.
I just purchased a new phone and need access to my account I forgot my logins
I'm looking to possibly opening an account and had some questions
Hello! I am in Playa del Carmen Mexico on vacation. I will be here until Friday, 6/9. I tried to get money from an ATM last night, and the transaction was denied.
Reset password
Is Bank On Checking Still Offered?
Hi there! I need some help with…
how do I sync an account from another bank
How to set up estaments
order checks
Hi there! I need some help with…logging into my Mobil app
I am trying to deposit a check electronically
Hello, can I get help signing into my mobile app. I got a new phone.
I am wanting to get the 10 day payoff on my vehicle loan
Hi there! I need some help with…canceling MYAZZIRETECH.STORE and MEDWYNBRAIN.COM for $119.98 and $39.97 respectively have been cancelled per calls and not paid. They are pending now and should not be paid as they are cancelled. I called them and want to make sure no payment is made.\n\nThanks
I need help doing a picture deposit on my mobile phone
Why is it every time I go to login on my phone it makes me get a secure code?
What is the routing number for bank
Hi there! I need some help with my mobile app login
Where is my money. My accounts have been  zeroed out. Why did I not receive a fraud alert? This company is disgusting and unacceptable as a “trusted” business.
Hi there! I need some help with…I need to give you my new phone number please.
Locked out of online account, need to reset.
Trying to connect my account to my Venmo
Can you tell me what the maximum length user id is for you online banking?
Hi there! I need some help with…setting a new password
Change mailing address
Mobile banking unlock account please
I am trying to get into my account and it ask me to pick how you can get in touch. Well, then they try to sell me a device I wear around my neck. I just want into my account.]
So I'm used to getting my check Thursday 8:30 am and I seen its not in my account is that on my company's end or AIQFinancial?
Got a question. Can you tell me who is all listed on my Money Market account? I know it
Good afternoon charge denied need assistance
Hi there! I need some help with…Safeco Insurance, (Home Policy-OY000000; Acct: 7183-000000/Parks
I deposited $600 cash to the ATM Friday at 8pm and you still haven’t put my money in my account. My rent was due Saturday and need my money. A representative that I spoke to earlier today assured me that it would be posted by 7pm. And still NOTHING.
We recently paid off our car loan and I was curious if the title will be mailed to us or how the process works.
We will be selling our practice and they need to speak to someone to help make the transition go smoothly
Can’t get my Zelle linked
Im todd adams l cant activate my new debit card.\n
How do I find my routing number
Hi there! I need some help with…please unlock my account
Can I deposit a check with my phone and this app
Hi there! I need some help with…resetting app password
Help tracking a refund
What documents do I need to add a person to a bank account
Printable form
keep inactive account open
I need to access my husbands checking account. He is out of the country and he’s not coming back for a very long time. But he receives benefits every month, and I need to be able to access these funds to send to him. I have a durable power of attorney. What do I need to do, to be able to complete the necessary transactions he needs me to complete for him?
Hi there! I need some help with my card! I am trying to pay my phone bill and my automatic payment didn't go through. When I tried to go pay it manually, it wouldn't work. Is my card still working??
locked out of account
Activate debit card
I need to get my online access turned back on
I have locked myself out of my account. I need to reset my password.
Let me talk to a real person
Hi, I'm having trouble changing my statement preferences.
I’m trying to make a purchase online, my card is saying declined
Hi there! I need some help with… lost card
help with ach
Need help resetting password because it's an unregistered browser
I don't know my account number
Dispute
Locked account
Hi there! I need some help with… resetting my password
Hi there! I need some help with…my loan pay off on my truck
How do I set up my car payment for automatic withdrawal?
This is Charlie. Trying to change my password with NO luck…..HELP!
Customer service
What will your hours be on Friday 12/24?
Español?
Hi there! I need some help with… with my debit card
I’m trying to do a mobile deposit but don’t know where to go
Overdraft fee
I'd like to confirm a transfer I'm making into an external account
IAM in a hotel I just buryed my mom I need your help to get me a loan for land and small home just a small lot and tiny home  thanksiam on ssifisabilty I get 919  month
Change of address
HELLO
Card declined
Tax forms
I need to apply for visa debit card
My address has changed
Change Adress
Hi I was concern with a returned payment of 100$ with capital one? I paid it before the account was overdrawn and the payment was posted but now that it was returned it added that balance to my capital one credit card but it shouldn’t have because it was processed according to the transaction history and was charged a returned fee when it should’ve just been posted and okay because a check was suppose to be direct deposited which is was and paid the overdraft fees and other transactions… can you fix this?
Routing number
what are your hours today
Tax question
Good Morning,
Deposit form
Good Morning I have a customer D000000 who needs his phone 24 activated please
Hello!
Expected deposit today from social security but not showing on my online banking. Status of checking account balance
when I open my online account , my id and password appear by themselves. How do I stop this.
Who handles community reinvestment act
Hi what is my account number
I need to unlock my mobile banking and reset my password
I am needing to setup a login to do online banking for our Belton High School Project Celebration account
Hi my name is Bernardino i am locked out of mobile app
Hello, I am unabke to log in to my AIQFinancial Moble App. It says the account had been locked. Can you help?
Hello my name is Rilla and I was signing in with my finger print I tried 3 times to sign in and it locked me out so I need to reset my account what do I need to do to get that done.
Are the debits cards visa or mastercard>
I want to go to paper less
Aside from routing and account number, what else is needed to wire funds to someone who banks with you?
Traveling from Austin to California and will be using my debit card in CA
Personal Checking
I would like to come open ROth IRA account
Hi there! I need some help with…\nMy debit card is expiring in October 2022 and I need to order another one but I Do Not want another Discover card I want one with a Visa logo!\nHow can I get one?
I need my password reser Khe user name  for checking account  0448 8583
Customer Service
SWIFT/BIC code
My bill pay account is not letting me access it. It says access denied and my account has been locked.
Why did my card decline at the last transaction
Safety deposit boxes
I need to transfer money from my AIQFinancial account to my Wells Fargo account. How can I do that the most efficient way?
there's a charge on my account that I don't know about
Do you show a deposit pending?
How can I see my card I don't have it no more but I don't want to mark it stolen yet cause I'm trying to link it to my cashapp to use the cash I have in my bank
Hi there! I need some help with resetting my password
I am trying to order a new card online so I can go to the nearest branch and pick it up
Raise purchasing limit
I'm trying to pay off a credit card using my AIQFinancial checking account and their customer service tells me AIQFinancial is blocking it. This is new. Can you look into it for me?
How
Trouble with mobile app
I found my card. Thought I had lost
Hi there! I need some help with…
Got a text about possible fraud
Hi
Truebill
Is this AIQFinancial?
Hello, I was wondering why I can’t see my account anymore
ATM
Why is my business account not linked anymore?
I am Locked out of my account
i locked up my online deal on my phone and got up late to call to get balance my pass code is roxy page ss is xxxxx2118 and i spent 46 at walmart last night .i want my balance p look ease
I was trying to do a bill pay and swiped out of the app before I was done and now when I click it again it says there was an error to try later. How do I get back in to pay a bill?
How much to start an Ira Roth. Can I have it automatically deducted from my checking account weekly?
I am checking to see if a CD can be withdrawn , the maturity date is in 2024, the CD has been in this account over 20 years, will there be a penalty if removed before the 2024 date?
I have a  question I need to start a bank account how much would I need
Hi there! Your system says that I'm locked out. What do I need to do to get my account fixed?
Are accounts under $250,000 FDIC insured?
Address change
Problem resolved. Thank you.
Yesterday I had 302 n account an now I have -24??
Can I deposit personal checks today ?
Can we get our 1099 online?
I need a copy of my interest paperwork for my taxes. My accountant says it's no I'm my paperwork.  Can I get a copy please. Thank you..
Non of the above
My mobile deposit is not available on my app. I have already enrolled, but it's still not showing up.
Hi there! I need some help with… I locked myself out of my account
How do I set up Zelle?
Reset password
Hi there! I need some help with...
I have 2 charges pending for the same place, same amount, but the website kept telling me that the sale wasn’t going through, so I need to make sure only one of the charges gets paid. How do I go about that.
Change address
Good morning. It seems that one of my debit cards was hacked yesterday.
IVE JUST OPENED AN ACCOUNT.. CAN I GO TO A BRANCH TO FUN IT AND GET A DEBIT CARD TODAY?
55d
Hi.  If a customer has a loan through us and that's all do they have access to online banking?
I'm not able to see my accounts on your website. Says it's unavailable at the time. Is the there something wrong with the site?
Deposit
What’s the routing number
info on smart rate money marker .  what is minimum amount to avoid monthy fee
My paycheck usually hits today. It has not. Is there a problem?
SAVVY SAVINGS. iS THAT LEGIT?
Hi I need to increase my daily debit card limit.
Hi there! I need some help with logging into my online app
My account is showing I have a balance of $0.00 I have should have a little over $500 in the bank. What's going on?
Does AIQFinancial offer currency conversion for euros and pounds.  Travelling to Paris and London
Hello. If I forgot my login information, how can I retrieve that?
Hello. I ordered check for my checking account at least 3 weeks ago. I was charged also. But I have yet to receive them. Thank you
could you send me my most recent statement? I still cannot access it on the app
I'm sorry to bother you, are we having issues with Q2? If not, could I be reset? Thank you Team.
what is the current interest rates for certificates?
Hello I would like to refund a purchase that I made
Hi there! I need some help with…putting my bank on messenger bc I'm 76 yrs old and have problems with the use of a phone that u carry in ur pocket and I want to check on my account and I'm in Okanogan Washington and I'm Carolyn@yahoo.com
I deposited 200 dollars into the atm january 18 and it’s not in my account.. I talked to someone earlier and they said it would be in my account around 7 and it’s still not there
Hi , I wondering why my account  it’s $0
account recovery
I deposited a check that clears chase bank Saturday so why do I still not have my money
What’s the routing number?
Need to get into my online AIQFinancial account blocked
Change address
Mandi
Pause card
I need to change my address
Account locked I forgot my password
How can I dispute a charge on my account?
I need to change my address.
In order to login into my account, it needs to send a message to my phone. However, the only number attached is to my old phone I no longer have connection to.
I don’t have access to number on account
Hi there! I need some help with… I just changed my passcode and now it is saying to contact you
Need to reset my password but can’t find my username
phone number
My login ID is locked
Forgot my Username
How much is it to open an account
Hi Gabby
Hello deposited at an atm yesterday afternoon and the amount is not in my account
Inactive account notice
I need a 10 day pay off on my loan
Where are your stand alone ITM or ATM located ?
Hi there! I need some help, I can not log on to my account. What is going on, this has been happening a lot lately with this bank. Either y’all’s atms are all down or your banking online doesn’t work!!
Good afternoon. I have an account with you and have a check for an insurance claim
Appointment
I do not recall if we have a POD on our account for each of us.  Can you tell me that info please?
We're there any banking issues around 1/5? I made a payment on 1/5 and it didn't show up in my bank account and I didn't receive any kind of notice that the payment was declined
who to speak with about a notification of mobile bank shut down?
We have an ACH that displays as the following on our bank statement:  ACH PMT ERGS TIMESHARE PPD.  We would like to stop the ACH.
I need to change my last name
Transfer funds not available
I will need a cashiers check for work I am having done at my house.  What do I need to do?
Do any of the branches have a coin counting machine to exchange for paper cash or deposit into an account?
Someone in England is wanting to wire transfer funds into my AIQFinancial account.  What information do I need to send them in order to receive these funds?  Also, is there a fee to receive a foreign wire transfer?
Password reset
I’m wondering if you have an in house credit card? NOT debit card, but a legit credit card to replace a Goldman Sach’s credit card.
I deposited my check Saturday. Only part was deposited. When will the rest??
I need my 1098 tax form
Hi my name is James. I need help resetting my account passcode as I am locked out currently
Good morning. I am needing to close the second account I currently have with AIQFinancial. I opened it for my daughter to use but the service charge is just too much to pay every month.
How do I submit a check that is sent to me through pay check
I already answered the question to set up my pin to see my account why is it asking me again the same questions to open my account it's suppose to go straight to my pin
routing number from bank
Every time I pay for something either it's online or with my card everything is declined, but I have the funds
How do I export my transactions
Hello.  I am trying to get a Loan Payoff Amount
I have two revolving monthly charges that I won't to stop.  Where on the website can I do that?  Or do I need to call in for that?
I am locked out of my account. Can you help me?
Hello can yu email us a letter for direct deposit for Kalen She needs to turn it in for her job
I’m trying to login to my app so that I could change the number on there because I have a new phone number and it’s trying to text the old number a code
Mobile deposit a check
How do I dispute a transaction
Hi there! I need some help with my bank app. I can’t remember my user ID
So I am wanting to see what type of trust accounts y’all have and what are the qualifications for them
Door dash of $90.00 I didn’t do
Hi there! I need some help with… Mobile banking
How do I get ahold of the escrow department?
I'm thinking about opening up an account with your bank.  what will i need?
Hi there! I need some help with… my tax refund has not deposited into my account yet. The IRS website shows that it was sent to my bank account on January 31st. I just wanted to be sure that transaction will be coming through
Yes I was trying to mobile deposit to my money market invest account
My bill pay account is locked and I got an email saying I need to contact customer service to unlock,
I noticed an online charge that was made with my debit card that I did not make
Locked out of my phone app
We currently have 2 auto loans with AIQFinancial. I would like to see what the amounts due, the payoff, and what the inerest rates are for those please.  Looking at trading in one of the vehicles so interested to see what payoff and interest rate would be on purchase of a different vehicle.
What is my account number?
I received a notice in the mail about my account.
Where is the link to deposit a check?
Did that website change?  Where do I go to see my acct balances and transactions?
Hi. I would like to change bank account from which I am credited
AIQFinancial app disappeared from my cell. Use biometrics..can't reset password as it noted to contact you.
Limit increase
Someone stole my purse and my card was in it.
I need to refund a $5 fee for a cashiers check
cd rates
Why can’t I access my funds?
I was not aware I was on a chit chat with someone at AIQFinancial!  I have no questions. Bye
I lost my bank card
I need all bank statements for 2019-2022 for account 000000
Human Resources
I do not see the code in my email.
what does pre authorization on my debit card mean
I want to get signed out now but to not see a way to do this
Hi there! I need some help with unlocking my mobile app
Hi there! I need some help with my debit card being declined this weekend. I checked online banking and it showed funds available and that my card was active
New looking for my account number
My account balance shows 0. Why!
How long do pending transactions take to come off?
Hi there! I need some help with resetting my password I’m my account.
Necesito me ayuden con la aplicación por el teléfono
How do I do mobile deposit?
Hi there! I need some help with…
What is my username
I was wondering if i could deposit a check mobile
Hi there! I need some help with…
Hello, I need to raise my daily limit on debit card for today to $5,000 please
Since my debit car was replaced is the checking account  number still the same because I have deposits that go to that account
I bought a new car and your name is on the paperwork so I believe you hold the loan but I have not received anything yet to set up a account to pay.
I have fraud on my card I was trying take my card off of hold
insurance
sorry accidentall exit
Why am I not able to use my over draft?
Why does nothing come up on my home page?  I can't see my account information.
I need to cash my certificate of deposit
Have a charge that we didn’t do
I am trying to find out about my stimulus check why I did not get it
I deposited 4 separate checks earlier today and they are not showing up in the app. Why is that?
30 year fixed rates please
Hi. I need help setting up Customer to Customer transfer funds. Thanks
Looking for check number  xxxxx5150
Travel notification
I need to see the amounts I received from the stimulus payments.  My account will not let me go back that far.  Could you please help me?
Good morning
Account locked
I'm trying to figure out. how to change my address in your system.  We moved recently.
I need to deposit a check into my account but don't see the mobile check deposit button. Thank you.
Hello
i would like to order checks
78 x 139
I am locked out of my banking app and need to change the password
Hi there! I need some help with getting back into my online account. I have been notified that someone was attempting to log into my account in the early morning hours of today and now I’m locked out
I'd the ATM network down?
Hello! I would like to check my account balance I was locked out of my app and the banks are closed currently
I am looking for assistance with a Medallion Signature Guarantee seal.
Update Mt
Hello. I am having a problem with Consumer Bill Payment I am getting an error message when I click on the link.
i need to verify the account number for my new Home Equity Loan (HEL
Hi I have a question related to a purchase I was trying to make at walmart for $45 and it was cancelled, I called walmart and they tell me that it was cancelled due to a payment verification issue
Can I set up Google pay from the app?
I need to cancel payment made on 2 Jan 2023 to hamilton county electric in amount of $253.10, as I used wrong debit card . My phone number is (254)258-7959. If you have any questions.  Thanks for your help
Good morning. In regards to my  5 Yr IRA - what would be the penalty charge if I had the balance transferred to my checking account?
I have an alert saying my login ID is locked. When I call AIQFinancial it has a number to select for fraud but that is only for cards.  It would be nice if someone could make the ‘fraud’ button explanation a little clearer that it’s for cards and not for fraud in general.  Just spent 15 minutes on wait to find that out!
I need to close my checking account
How much is over draft fee
Hi there! My account is locked out
I need help getting a bank account with y’all
Refund
I think I just touch it by mistake. Thanks
Forgot password
I know I opened a Personal Money Market account but I have no clue where this other Bonus Banking account came from
I’m locked out of my account
I’m locked out again. Even with the last code you sent. Is it operator (ME) error?
Hi there! I need some help with…app login. Cant reset password and direct to contact you guys directly
I need to make a payment to my lawyer in the amount of $4000 and need the daily limit raised to $4500 please
external transfer
IBAN numb er
Please close my account as I am in another state and cannot get there.  My balance is now 0 .  Thank you
i need to send my son his birthday money i have done it few times but cannot see it
How do I find my user ID for mobile banking app?
Have an issue with a pending transaction made on 10/22/2022  to Hedixe com loc.
My card keeps declining
need to know about a payment that came out of my account
Reset online password
Hello
I am not able to login to my account.
It says I’m unauthorized to use the wire transfer oage
Hello! I had a customer earlier ask about adding two accts to his online banking. They are business accts and he opened them yesterday in the branch. They are just not appearing to his online banking. Do you know the process for this?
Credit card
How can I stop a payment I don't want to do and cancel suscripción
Hi there! I need some help with….  Resetting my password.  My mobile account has been locked
Buenos dias
loans
What is the limit you can take out at the atm
unlock online banking
Hi there! I need some help with…my password ran out and I did not realize it. I need to reset it ASAP
Hi would like to inform you Amber has not got her check
Does this app offer Mobil check deposit?
International transfer
Can you please tell me where I can find my 1098 statement? Thanks!
I need to add my spouse to my business account.  What do we need to do?
How do I find my username
I am trying to deposit a check via mobile deposit but can no longer find the link for  a mobile deposit??
I am needing to change my address on my account
Hi there! I need some help with…
This is nick fry, I forgot my login ID and password and my phone number has changed, how can I get in to yalls app, and I atleast need my card unlock for now
Locked out of my account. Trying to get login information
I previously put a freeze on my debit card.  today I tried to unfreeze it and I cannot find where to do that.  one place I looked said no card could be found.  ??   what do I do now?
reset online password
Do you offer z
Your business now has the opportunity to eliminate thousands in credit card processing fees.\n\n\nWe’ve helped countless clients save money on processing fees, including restaurants, HVAC, veterinary practices, auto repair shops, and more.\n\n\nLike most businesses, these companies rely on customers who pay with credit and debit cards. First MCS Payment Solutions is happy to provide a comprehensive payment processing solution that eliminates processing fees and increases revenue.\n\n\nMay I give you more informa
Agent
I need to Close my money market accounts please
Hello
Hello
DEPOSI
Home equity loan
Received email about printing tax documents.  the log in page has several options and I am not sure which one will take me to the documents for my  Roth IRA tax staement.
Fraud charge
Expo2022
Hi. I have a car payment coming due  on 3/27. for some reason I thought  it was set up to be auto paid every month, but I cannot see where that is. Can you confirm? Or do I need to set it up on my end?
The other day it said I had like 125 so I got gas and withdrew 80 and now it's saying the funds wasn't there how does that work I'm not supposed to have overdraft on my account
I'd like to open an account
I’m locked out of my banking app
i need a bank statement from my deceased wife's account.
Nothing, thanks
Unlock my account
why can't I log in to credit card portal I get fatal error
I have a customer that said she spoke to fraud about some charges that were done her aunt's account with her aunts consent. Have the been filed or do we need to do that?
Hello wanted to see why they charge me twice for something i was supposed to pay one time
I would like to inform the bank that I no longer want to allow Sirius Radio to collect money from my account effective January 1st 2023. I have canceled my subscription with them and I don't want them to pull a fast one.
Are you able to view or edit your benifceries to my checking and savings accounts?
Fraud alerts with attempted logins keep coming to my phone
How to get a loan
Schedule appointments
Unlock account
Unlock my mobile account
What is the routing number
Opening business account
Hi there! I need some help with… my login for the app. I was locked out
I am ordering checks and Ineed to know what address to show for AIQFinancial Banks
open account
2fa
Are pending amounts included in my current balance?
Hi can you tell me why my charge to RDA promart says pending? The card was ran Saturday.
I am locked out of the app
Charge that’s not mine.
Change password
Hi. I just reset my password and I’ve forgotten it. 🤦🏻‍♀️
I wanted to dispute a charge that I made on my debit card. The website is definitely a scam so I tried contacting the merchant to cancel my order but obviously they’re not gonna reply back they just want my money
I need to know what I changed my sign on name to . Was told it was on the bottom of the sign on page but it’s not there
how do i close a checking account?  just write a check for all the money before month end?
locked account
Unable to mobile deposit check. Option to do so no longer appears on my app. Already deleted, reinstalled, and reset PW with customer service,
I need help setting up mobile deposit
I am trying to get a statement and I am unable
I am looking for a bank to host a financial literacy class at our nonprofit in Belton, TX.
> 000000 000000 xxxxx3692.</a>  Check # 5579
Need a password cleared.
I am needing an email address for Lisa Winkler please
Hi I want to create an account to see my current autoan  with AIQFinancial
Hi there! I need some help with my locked out account
I sent you a transaction today to pay off a loan. It was around $8500. But I wasn’t seeing where it has gone through my bank yet.
I was looking for an option to change my billing address on my card but do not see the option.
Hi there! I need some help with… it would not let me log into my E bank
customer service
Hi I am trying to do a mobile check deposit and it will not go thru.  I have done everything it ask???
My debit card is not working.
Bank hours on Saturday
What are current CD fates
000000- transfered 120 to MM, it showed up but then disappeared, do you know why?
Hi my name is Maria frias and I need your help I need a loan student loan please
Hi there! I need some help with…\nMy user name was just on my phone at log in so I don’t remember it. But I do remember my password though. I just must have been hitting a wrong key.
Fraud Alert
Hello, I transferred $288 from my Daily pay account last night but it is not showing to be in my bank account?
Getting messages that someone is trying to access my account online.  Invalid password notices.  Its not me.
Hi there! I need some help
Hi there! I need some help with…logging in to my mobile app
There are several cash app payments to Neesha white that I did not authorize
I cant get into my online dashboard. I guess it was never set up. How can I set it up?
I need my routing number
got locked out need to reset my password
Hello
Can you give me the phone number for the main branch of AIQFinancial?
I need to get whatever statement it is that shows the interest paid on my auto loan for all of 2022.  I can't find that for download when I log into my account and go to statements
Need to close out the checking account
Zelle
Hi there! I need some help with… I have moved out of state and need to close my account. I recently talked to a Relationship banker, and was told to email a copy of my drivers license and account information to customercare@AIQFinancialbank.com. My email has been repeatedly shot back. What is the correct email?
Transfer
What's your favorite color?
Mobile banking
Trying to close account sent message to customer care but no response and no account closurer
Hello I was trying to see what can I do to get And I can't go on with you all again I banked with extra code for 13 yearsWent through a rough patch and my account was closed
Does AIQFinancial participate in Zelle? if so where do I go to get started?
Hi there! I need some help with… my account I forgot my password so my account got locked and I need to get back in it.
Hi there! I need some help with…logging into my online banking
Why is my mobile app saying I have a 0.00 balance in my account? Could the mobile app be messing up?
How to turn off bank statements from being sent to my house?
I have received information for a lien payoff, who am I supposed to route it to, again?
Hello, am I able to change my address from the AIQFinancial website?
Reset mobile password
I keep getting locked out of my account when Face ID fails to login in. Can you help me please?
Hi there! I need some help with…debit card
representative
Cancel my business account
Hi there! I need some help with…
Where can I find my account and routing number?
Atm
Hi there! I need some help with…signing on mobile app
Hello this is a test
Hi there! I need some help with unlocking my account
change address, what tab is it
Why is it not letting me transfer funds
I have a check I wound like to deposit but because it is special to me I’d like to keep the canceled check. It’s over $1000 so I cannot do a mobile deposit. How can I deposit this check and still keep it too?
Hi there! I need some help with…getting back into my account I changed the password
Hello,\nI will be traveling tomorrow and next week to Mexico. Please allow charges to my debit cards\n\n
Does your website or web development project need a kickstart? If you have limited in-house resources to launch your next web or mobile project, it can be difficult to get started and the costs can be restrictive. \n\n\nCodeLabs provide expert web development, web design, and custom software solutions. We’re pros at front-end web development and design - we excel in building customized, highly technical solutions for our customers. If you need backend functionality to power your website or e-commerce business,
Unlock account
Hi there! I need some help with…
Can I message you in a while and be on my account about attempt to reset the password? I did not do that. Is there anything that I do need to do? There’s been no fraudulent activity that I know of
This is Don Zimmerman.  I am being billed twice for the same thing. $72.50 plus a $2 fee for registration of my van.  One charge showing on 8/14 and another charge showing on 8/16
I need a wire transfer form
chat with relationship banker
I just tried to pay a bill and it was declined
Do you have a ATM machine in Hamilton
Human
How can I change my pin for my debit card?
Does your business have outstanding or slow-paying debts that you need to collect on? Weber & Associates is at your service:\n\n\nNo signup or startup fees\nExperienced and respectful representatives\nModest contingent rates\nOver 35 years of experience\nCustomized payment portals and text messaging services\nWe front all litigation and mechanic lien costs\n\n\nIf your current collections company isn’t performing to your expectations, or you’re tired of sending your collection attorney money for an unknown result, ple
How do I deposit a check by photo?
Hi there! I need some help with… My login and password says im locked out.
I have been locked out of my account.  When I put my information in. I get told it's incorrect.  Help I need in my account
Deposit check
Deposit not showing up on app I did yesterday at atm
I need to stop payment on a check.
I need a form 1098 for the house that I sold in 2022
What does safety deposit box cost
Locked out of account
Need to make an appointment
I tried to get on my account and it kept telling me my password was wrong.  Now I am locked out and when I tried to change my password and get my account unlocked, it kept giving me errors.  Please help.
Hi there! I need some help with…the mobile app. I want to deposit a check but cannot locate the option in the menu.
Money being stolen from accounts
I'm unable to log into my account and it is not letting me reset my password either.
Is this AIQFinancial bank?
Hi there, I am working on our 2021 tax return, and we did not receive a 1098 from AIQFinancial, nor do I see it on the website.  How can I get a copy of that?
My login is locked can you reset my password?im locked out can you reset me please
I had my check detained by the atm in belton yesterday?
Representativr
Why aren’t my funds available they told me there would only be a 7 day holding period. And its been over 7 days
I was curious to know about how your cd accounts work.
Hi there! I need some help with… my ID login
Hello
whats going on with my account
Hi there! I need some help with consumer bill pay
Can I open a CD online
what is my routing number
Why is my coin machine deposit from yesterday not showing up?
MCD limit
How do I get my new account to appear on my app?
Please do NOT pay Paypal for three charges from Total AV today for $88, $88, and $139. they have NOT been authorized by me
Hello I need to report my debit card lost
Hi there! My name is Logan Parker I used to have an account but havent used it in a while so I think it closed automatically.  Do I have to go back into the bank to reopen it?
CD
I want to open a savings account
I am treasurer for Renaissance Church. Do you have banking for such non profit organizations?
I was in a chat and it dropped
Hello, I have a question regarding an transaction that I do not recognize.
I need to know my account number
How can you overdraft
I had to change my password last time I logged in and I assumed it was updated but it must not have been.  I am locked out.  Who co I call to unlock or send me a new password set up?
I am having a bunch of door dash fraud charges on my account.  I went to the bank to get a new card, and to file a dispute.  I cannot find it on the home page.
Need to reset password, trying to link bank account for stock purchases and I cannot remember the password
Add an account to my online banking
Just signed up for the Savvy Savings.  It states that a form must be submiited for each account holder.  So does that mean that it wont start rounding up and saving until my husband submits his or it will only do it to mine ( which is the one I just signed up for)?
Card won’t authorize
Why did I get locked out of my account? Can you please reset my password
I'd like auto loan information.
Remote deposit
I got a notification that someone entered a password for my account and I haven't gone on my account today
Is there a way to cancel two payments I made?
Good morning, once again I have locked myself out of my account
Hello will AIQFinancial be open 1/1/24 ? Or is it closed for the holiday
\n\n\nI then talked to Western Union's custome
Hi there! I need some help with…
I need help getting personal information for my mobile banking. I’m currently locked out of it
Possobke
I have been locked out of my mobile banking
Atm deposit
How much can I overdraft in my account
Trying to track a mobile deposit from yesterday that isn't appearing in my ledger or balance.
I want to make sure Ally financial does not take payments out of my account. The payment of $541.74 (or any amount) is not approved by me and should be blocked if the company attempts it.
Hello
ATM limits
Good morning. I am wanting to temporary increase my mobile app deposit limit
Hi there! I need some help with…
I received a replacement  debit card and my old pin is not working. Can you help me
Are you open
Hi, just wondering if there is an application online for a mortgage loan?
do i have to go into the bank to open an account?
I need my card unlocked.
000000
What is the direct deposit limit?
How do I do an online check deposit?
Hi there! I need some help with… account
No problem I figured it out thank you
Tax statement
How to make account paperless
Hi there! I need some help with getting into my online banking.. I am locked out of my online banking  from putting in the wrong password. Could you help me!
Hi there! I need some help with…
What is my amt to purchase per day
Going to be traveling out of the country where do I go in the app to alert you
Why is my money being taking off my cash app for Apple Pay in I don’t even have Apple Pay this is like the 4 time in the last few weeks every time I put money on it
sorry i was getting help but lost connection
Auto loan rates
Having trouble logging in
I need to cancel a recurring transaction
When can I expect my New York Life deposit. Normally I have it by now.
ATM max amount
Can I do a domestic wire in my app now?
Please close my savings account! Thanks
I need to change my contact email, but when I click on settings like it tells me to, it takes me out of the logged in area to another page with no place to update info
All my money is missing
does bonus banking allow wire transfers
I had a joint account with my mother with whom I had power of attorney and she passed away on Oct. 5 of last year. I contacted AIQFinancial in November about what I needed to do to close the account and was told the account had been closed even tho I personally did not close it and noone else could have. I keep getting emails about viewing the AIQFinancial statement but when I log in the phone number that was attached is no longer a good number my name is Tonya Johnson and hers was linda cox I am trying to figure out,
Hi there! I need some help with a few things. I am working with credit karma to raise my credit score. I have had some recent finance changes and am negative in my account currently. They advised me to reach out to AIQFinancial about my overage charges. I have over $650 in charges since June. I was wondering if since I have been a valued customer of AIQFinancial for many years they could wave those charges? Just figured it was worth a shot in asking. Thank you in advance.
Jobs
I need to reset the password
I would like to reset my pin for my debit card
Agentiq Test
Representative
Hello. I made a cash deposit into my personal account yesterday just after 7pm and one into my business account around 10pm via the ATM. Neither deposit has been credited yet. Can you tell me when this is going to happen please?
I would like to turn off automatic payment
Loan Payoff amount
Good Morning- Ive had notifications that someone has been trying to login my account on the app.
hi there gabby, im inquiring how much is the minimum deposit to open yyour simplest business account?
Hi there! I need some help with…transfer money to a different bank account
Why is my card declined
Do you have TRB atms
I need a new card
can you reactivate my debit card please?
Dispute a charge on my account
Hi there! I need some help with…auto loan payoff amount?
Mortgage rate
How do I get a refund and cancel the future chargesi
Locked out
How do i raise my daily limit for debit card use, on mobile banking?
Hello I'm Leon Miller and I am trying to sign into my online banking but when I log in it's asking me to verify through text or phone call on a number that I do not have any more which I told them to take off of my account two months ago and I gave them a new number to contact me on
I need to change my address
I need to put a stop payment on a draft that will child or my account tomorrow
I need help with my 1099s
I am trying to get my banking information for  my account
need to reset password
How do I wire funds to Close a house I am buying
Can not get signed in
I made a $700 deposit at the extra banker last night and it has disappeared
Transfer funds
Do you sell boxed checks?
Rates of interest for money market accounts and interest checking account
I’m doing good .  Do this Bank do money investments or finance advising ?
Can I get a real agent
How do I do a mobile deposit
Good Afternoon I hvae customer 000000 Alyssa who tried to send a payment to her discover credit card on 08/08 and in a couple days it got kicked back is there a reason for it getting kicked back she said she verified the information and it was all correct
Good afternoon,
Hi there I’d like to speak with a representative please
Locked Put
Id like to close my acocunt
I have requested several times to be taken off the e-statement I have no access to a printer and am required to show all statements to Medicaid for my husband’s care. I need an old fashioned mail paper statement. Please
Hi there! I need some help with…I am in need of the amount of interest I paid on my car loan with y’all for the year 2022. It want the full year as I paid it off back in the fall.
i tried to get into my account  this morning - I was asked one of the security questions and I apparently mis-typed the answer - AND I WAS LOCKED OUT because of that error - that is bullshit - what do I have to do NOW to access my account?
Agent
If I wanted to print a check from my account for records, how do I do so?
Hi
How do I change password?
Representative
Wrong button sorry.
How do I deposit cash into my checking account?   Are your lobbies open?
Is there an email or fax number I can submit an asset verification form for an account holder for purposes of an housing application?
I just checked my balance on my account and someone has scammed my account! I am overdrawn $499. and change. What do I do?????
I’m wanting to wire funds to another bank.
My name is Alexis - Cliff Ln. in Temple. My debit card expires this month and I don't see that I've received a replacement card. Can you check that?
Dispute
Hi! I accidentally said that a valid purchase was invalid when I received fraud alert call. Is my card turned off? Thanks!
How does the money market work
Apologies, I did not mean to open this.
For Lisa
i need a complete direct deposit form for my job
I’d like to transfer funds from you to usaa how I do that? Thanks
Locked out of my account
Hi, I've noticed charges on my bank account from savvy savings, I don't know what that is
I recently Got a new phone and all of the info (username and password) did not carry over.
Test with karla
Can I put my auto loan on autopay
Am I able to bring change in to cash
Turn my debit card off
I reported a transaction I didn’t authorize payment and wanted to stop it and I was told an email would be sent to my email address and follow the instructions and then something could be done but I haven’t received an email
Hi there! I need some help with…unlocking my mobile banking.
What address do i use for my insurance compnay. Just bought a new car and was financed through AIQFinancial
Hello, I'm looking to unlock my banking app, I changed phones and it won't let me log in.
Hi there! I need some help with…logging into my account
I have tried four times to set up a transfer of funds to Texell Cridet union. I have fail each time
How do I deposit a check by taking a picture?
I'm trying to get a temporary password
Hello, how do I cancel a check on the mobile app?
I’ve been having a hard time with my credit card. Everywhere I go the transaction says canceled. i’m assuming the chip might be messed up or my credit card might be compromised, I’m not quite sure.
I would like to check the status of my application please
I have locked myself out of my account
Wallet was stolen
This may be a stupid question but I have a check that was signed over to me by my husband who is not on my account. Can I endorse it & deposit it into my account?
Vacation alert?
January bank closures
I need to find the routing and account numbers for my checking account
I am trying to find where on the app is where I can make. Mobile deposit
Help my bank account shows no checking or savings what happened????
Where are tax statements located in the app
Hi there! I need some help with…I need my online banking unlocked
How can I obtain my account statements from 6/2015 - 6/2016 ?
Can I deposit a check on the app?
I am locked out of my account and cannot get in. Either my user name or password is wrong 🤷🏻‍♂️
I accidentally got my login ID locked out, do you think we can fix that?
Howdy!
How do I make a mobile deposit
I can’t login to my account, it says my credentials are wrong
Refinancing an auto loan
Where do I find my TAX documents
account locked out
What is the number for AIQFinancial customer service
There is a 800 etra banker withdrawal that I didn't do and my account is now negative
Log in to app
I want to open checking account
I need 1098 tax form
Mobile deposit question. How do you set up the ability to desposit a check by taking a photo of the check?
Mobile Banking error
I’ve been locked out of my account
Attempting to locate interest tax form for our checking account
Open account
Hi there! I need some help with… Zelle .. do y'all offer that option ?
Hi there! I need some help with…change of address on checks
How long does it take a pending transaction to fall off?
I am wanting to pay a bill in the amount of $1,000 with my debit card. Is that possible?
I have Bonus Banking correct
I need instructions for making a mobile deposit into my business account
There was an unauthorized Cash App withdraw of $200 made out of my account on 10/08/23. I need help stopping payment
I would like to add my son to my checking and money market account. We live out of state. How would we do this?
Hi there! I need some help with resetting my password
Hi! How do I deposit a check through the app?
I need a replacement debit card
I can’t log in to my app
Inactive account notice
We are having trouble with an automated deposits from another bank. It appears the zeros in front of the account number may be the issue. Are we supposed to enter the account number with the four zeros in front of the account number, or leave them off?
I was needing a direct deposit form for my job. Is this something y’all are able to provide to me?
Why will cash app not accept my card
Still locked won’t let me do anything
Expo 2022 Gilbert
AIQFinancial credit card
I would like to verify a check sent to me
Hi there! I need some help with making an online purchase. I have attempted an order 3 times but it is telling me the card was declined. The account has sufficient funds. I have not received an alert, what seems to be the problem?
I did not receive a bank statement for January 2022 Can you help
Hi I am from title company and working on a sale of property. I would like to know how to request a payoff for clsoing
Account is locked out can you help
how do I stop a monthly auto payment
Hi there! I need some help with…getting some checks only like 10 or 15. Can they be picked up at the local office in Copperas Cove
Is 24 month the longest CD you offer?
a fraudulent charge on my account
I want to wire a payment how can I do that does not let me in wire transfer
I forgot my privacy code.
Hi! I need to raise my spending limit
Trying to transfer money into account
I have been locked out of my account, I didn’t try to log in to my account so it must have been a fraud attempt
How much is the fee to close an account
How do I check status of credit card application
Hi there! I need some help with ordering a new debit card, my address is not updated and I believe a new one was shipped to the wrong address
I have a question about a transaction
Do u have a notary at your bank in Temple Tx on 31st?  Do I charge a fee?
Is there a notary available to bank customers at one of the Waco locations?
Need to order a new card
Hi Mayra. We are out town for the weekend and our card has been declined. How can I update to notify of travel?
Hi there! I need some help with…
I mistakenly handed our post guy an envelope that contained a check I needed to shred. Everything was filled out but the amount part.
I need to change my address on my bank information
Trying to change new password but I don't know my current password.
Alert notification how to turn off
I need to reset password
Checking
Can I make a payment on this app for my car payment
Hi my name is Renee and I am needing a card issued for account 000000 and 000000 that I am joint on.
What do I do if I don't want to leave my town after a flash flood?
Hello! I'm needing help with my login in on my app. I got an email saying someone entered in the wrong password 3 times and it's locked. It was about 2AM but it wasn't me.
Hi mayra
I need to know why my car payment isn’t on the updates at all
Can I take a picture of a check to be deposited?
Cab you release the hold on my check yet from last week?
Hello, this is Becky Quintanilla, just wanted to ask, when are the 1099's mailed out for income tax?
I’m locked out of online banking
I am interested in opening an account
Unable to reset password
Tried to send money to a friend on a ap I have and my bank declined  it. Can you tell me what is wrong.
Needing help understanding why I can not deposit check
It says my account is locked
Beneficiary
I am not sure why but I was locked out of my online capabilities and need to reset password
Hi there! I need some help with…my online banking locked me out
Change address.
Speak to a live person
I have a new phone number and  would like to update it on my file but don’t know how to change it.
Forgot password
Tax statement
Trying to transfer funds and mobile bank won’t show account
Hi there! I need some help with…I have a charge of $108.24 can you tell me where it's from.
credit cards
My bill pay will not open
Do I have to go to the bank to open a savings account?
why was my cell phone bill paid late when i used the bill pay service
I just opened an checking account online and I did not get and account  or anything
Where is my account number and routing number
Where is my money
 was on on my keyboard, which made me enter a wrong password.
Hi there! I need some help with…my mobile account is locked
Do you work with brokers to assist clients in getting land / lot loans for personal use
Does your current commercial cleaning company struggle to provide professional service and customer support every time? So many of them make great promises, then drop off after a couple of months.\n\n\nCommercial Cleanrs is different. We treat our clients like valued strategic partners, with a consultative approach and emphasis on quality control to make sure the job gets done right. We’re the company you can trust to do the right thing even when you aren’t looking.\n\n\nAre you interested in getting more info or
I need to link a new account to allow for online bill payment
My login ID is locked
i'm trying to book a cruise and need to increase my limit, thank you
need to change my checking acct pin number
What is AIQFinancial’s duns number
Good morning. I would like to stop/cancel a monthly debit that I have set up in my bank/ checking account.
payoff
Account
I’ve been locked out of online banking
hello is there way to pay mortgage online?
What is my daily card limit?
Hi there! I need some help with…\n\n\nLast night someone attempted to log into my account is there anyway of knowing where the person was\n
Hi there! I need some help with… unlocking my bank account. I accidentally locked myself out from to many incorrect passwords try's
rates for safe deposit box
Closed account question
I just recently moved out to San Marcos and I’m wondering where the nearest AIQFinancial is or  AIQFinancial atm
Transfer funds to non-AIQFinancial bank account
I'm trying to pay my car payment online and I'm having issues
Please reverse returned item fee, as nothing was returned
Tickets
i need help to rest my password. its locked
I need a direct deposit form completed for my company is that something you can help me with
Does the Midway location have a coin counter machine?
Hi there! I need some help with… I deposited a $750 Cashiers Check on Thursday through the ATM. The receipt reflected the deposit in the balance but not the available balance as usual. Today the deposit is not shown as a transaction and is not in the available balance. Presumably to allow for clearing. Please let me know when the funds will be available.
I want to cancel an automatic draft….
What's the max amount that can be transferred from one account to another account?
Address Change
password
I need help I can not remember my PIN number
There was a payment taken out this morning of $602 that has already been paid. I need that cancelled and money put back in my account please. I already called the Toyota financial and I was told to contact my back to have it put back in my account.
Hi there! I need some help with unlocking my mobile app
How do I get a debit card?
Address change
I need to order checks please
What is the routing number to this bank? I am making a payment to DMV and they require it.
Locked out of online banking
Zelle?
Change pin
Do the temple or Belton branches cash savings bonds? One person said yes and one said no.
I need to set up an appt to have someone work with me in person on bill pay.
Hi there! I need some help with…I’m locked out of my account.
Shekeria for lisa
good morning i got locked out my account
What is your cd rate
Got cut off was already chatting with someone
Hi there! I need some help depositing a couple of checks that I have. I am living in Fayetteville right now and need a way to deposit them, can I use an atm or deposit them over the phone? I am just not seeing any mobile deposit feature on the app
Hi there! I need some help with… unlocking my AIQFinancial App account. I tried to change my password and got locked out of my bank account. Please help, thanks.
I need to do a wire transfer to another bank account
Are banks open today
My consumer bill pay is not working
Would like assistance on closing acct
My mobile deposit is not in my account
What is the routing number
Looking to open an account.  Does your bank offer Zelle
Where can I find my Direct deposit info @
LOAN PAYOFF
Hi I'm locked out of my mobile app and just needed help getting into that
I need to contact the Mid-West Insurance Company. They deduct $67 monthly, most recently on 12/5/22. I’ve tried online without success. Do you have information on how to contact them ?
Hello was wondering how I can update my account so I can transfer my to my account to someone else's
I want to open an account
Have a question bout  my balance
Good morning
close my account
My Venmo transactions are being denied
live person
how do i notify the bank that i am going out of state
Debit card
Can I have a one day increase on my debit card daily limit?  I need to place an order with Mary Kay and it's over my $600 daily limit.
why is my account restricted?
where’s my routing and account number
Loan balance
I need to transfer funds from my AIQFinancial account to my Genco account.  Can I do that online?
I was wondering when I would get the email for my e signature so I can find my account I opened ??
Made a wire transfer earlier don’t see it went through?
I need to search for all payments made to a specific store. I need the receipts from 2020-now.
Hi! I am looking to do a mobile check deposit, but cannot find the option on the app
I saw that something was paid 15.00 in Florida? I've never been to Florida
online banking
Hello. I need account verification
Hello
My bank account has purchases I never made
I want to end my CD and deposit it into my bank account.
Wire transfer
I would like to open an account. But then site won't recognize my username or password
Trying to make a deposit
Need customer service
Can u tell me what, if any checks have cleared? I had one for $125 to the DPS. Thanks
Hi, I'm locked out of my account.  Can I get it unlocked via this chat?
Hi there! I need some help with…It says I was locked out of my account. I don't know why . Was someone trying to get into my account? Anyway I need it unlocked
My card got locked down today and I was out of town. Usually you send me a text so I can approve the message. How can I get that reinstated?
account number
Refunds
I did not authorize a charge on my account. The APPLE for 42$ that is pending. My son used my card and I want it stopped
Live agent
Hello! I need to change my home address.
tax information for out money market account
Mobile deposit… I have a few accounts and can’t find where to deposit a check into the account
https://api.twilio.com/2010-04-01/Accounts/AC7077fbc000000d0ddc5b51d000000bf/Messages/MM87efd6e000000a2ba8424b9350/Media/ME483e807ee130ea8ad9ef000000a81d7e
How to transfer by zelle
My deposit at the video teller on Main Street was cancelled but the check was not returned
Why is the mobile app asking me to log back in?
What is my routing number?
Why is my accoint zeroed out and coming up as inactive
I deposited a $100 last night I was wondering where it is
health care insurance
Card is locked
Change of address
I’m locked out of my mobile banking
We need to wire around $50,000 from another bank to the AIQFinancial Bank account for the Watson Family  Trust.  Are there special wiring instructions that we need to give to the other bank?
Two debits were $61.25 and $16.12
Hi there! I need some help with… I was forced to change my password. I did it last week-- now I am locked out
Received a fraud alert at 3:55am
I hve not been able to use my bank app for a while. It locked me out.
I got scd
What is my account number
000000
Bill Pay
Open checking account
forgot password
Check account balances
Hello
I wanted to put a travel alert on our account can I do that here
where is the 8 month cd option
Change of Address?
Hi there! I need some help with…accessing atm while I am in Mexico
So I forgot that I had to change my account PW and now my account is locked
Our checking acct balance has dropped to $0.  I am trying to transfer funds into this account from our money market acct but it is not letting me do so.
I am not seeing Bill pay in my online banking
Cancel recurring payments
Can I use one of my accounts to cover another account to prevent overdrafts?
My check was in my account on Friday and now it’s not.
Hi there! I need some help with…
How can I send money to son bank account?
Could you send me to my email the information of the cost of the terminals to collect payments from my customers in my business. I need to know how much you would charge monthly and annually. Thank you and have a nice day.
Hi there! I need some help with…resetting my password I don't remember my old password
What do I need to do to be able to get my wife Carrie on the online accts?   She only has access to hers.  I would like her to have access to mine, kids, and MM to be able to transfer $ around.  Thx.
Lost username
Can y’all stop any payments coming out of this account that keep causing me more overdraft fees. Specially from bristol west, State Farm, and door dash. I have tried to close this account and can’t bc it’s overdrafted and I have notified each of those other accounts of my new bank info or that I no longer wanted their service and they are still being drafted from this account.
Hi there! I need some help with… How do I electronically transfer funds from my account at another bank to my account at AIQFinancial?
Forgot login for online banking
How can I get my 1099
reset password
Add loan to online account]
Having trouble linking QuickBooks to AIQFinancial
I want to know when Im going to get my card
Hi there! I need some help with…
Hi! We have a new board member and need to change signers on our account.
I am trying to locate my username and password
Good Morning, I would like to inquire on my reorder of checks. It has been over two weeks. Thank you Beth
I need to withdraw approximately $50000.00 from my account in cash. Do I need to give my bank notice prior to this withdrawal?
Can I get a lan with AIQFinancial for Manufactured home?
hi
I need to cancel my banking card
How do you set up an account for the first time
i want to access my account and am locked out
My check won’t deposit. The picture is clear and I’ve never had this issue before. I don’t have access to an atm where I am
Hi there! I need some help with...turning off my card. I think I lost it.
Hi there! I need some help with getting back into my mobile banking.
Credit
Stop payment
Hi there! I need some help with…unlocking my account. I'm in Florida with family and I sent a text. Can you unlock debit card please
Wire transfer
Hello
I forgot my login Username
I forgot my password to the mobile app
I need to change my user ID - I keep getting fraud alerts
I have been blocked out of my account and I need to reset the password. The account number is 000000. The name on the account is Linda Williams Moseley.
Hey how do I use mobile deposit? I don’t see an option for it
Do you have location near Lockhart or Gonzales texas
My account has been hacked
Does your bank pay early?
Need to make Netflix payment and it says you declined it
Just a question.  This app had selle?  To transfer money
How do I check my balance on the app
I'm attempting to order more checkbooks, but am receiving an error. Is your system down?
I am currently locked out of my account
hi
Close money market account
I need to close my account. Is there a way to do this online?
I can't log in to my account
Hi there! I need some help with…unlocking my account. Do I have to call for assistant with Banker Rep or can it be done online.
I need to stop a mobile deposit
I locked myself out of the account
Sweep Agreement
Account password reset needed.  Kevin Dill Last numbers on my debit 3761 Branch: Woodway
Sponsorship
Yes maam is therea way to do a custom daily limit on a debit card
Hi there! I need to deposit a check that is over my mobile deposit limit! The only problem is that I live in illinois so I can't deposit it in person. Are you able to increase my mobile deposit limit so I can deposit that remotely today?
Yes my ATM shows it’s disabled and I wanted to unable it
I deposited $200 dollars in my bank last night around 8pm. However I am not seeing it on my account
Hello. Me and my wife have accounts in extraCo, but my wife can not make a mobile account, an d she changed phone number. How to make it?
Hi there! I need some help with… I tried to log in as usual but got locked out of mobile app
I want to link external accounts to my account
Hi there! I need some help with using my AIQFinancial debit card on my vacation in Cozumel Mexico…
Account balance in line shows zero balance.  Why is this ?
I lost my debit card last night and need to order a replacement
Hi there! I need some help with… my mobile banking login information
I would like to order some checks.  I have not previously ordered for this account.  Please advise how I start this proces..
credit card limit
Why is my login in locked out?
Hi How can I get a voided check
Hi
direct deposit form
I need to get password back.
I can’t connect AIQFinancial to my new apple credit card account to make automatic payments
ACH Authorization for Loans/Transfers
I forgot to notify y’all that I will be in Costa Rica until Monday
What is my balance?
Could I get my insurance cards emailed to me
 but is says it can't do that on an unregistered browser.
I got charged a membership fee to a website that I had cancelled. Can you stop that charge from going through?
Hi there! I need some help with… making my car payment online
Locked out of online account- can't get through to banker on phone
I am continuing to receive an error message when I try to log-in on the
My bank card keeps getting declined and I have money in account. Husbands card is having same problem
My account on hold due to fraud alert they sent a text but I no longer have that phone number
Locked out of account
Home Equity Loans?
What's the aff
Hello. I deposited $270 cash in my account yesterday at atm, but now I don't see it in my account
I'm trying to set up my accounts with my new card, but it keeps telling g me my zip code is wrong
My debit card is not working because they sent us a text message this morning saying there was Ford actively going on
Hello. Can you please send me a wire transfer form document as attachment for me to review. Thanks!
Hi, this is Barb Clark and I have been trying to mobile deposit a check since last night. Is there a limit to how much money can be deposit remotely? This has happened in the past and I had to drive 45 minutes to a bank just to deposit it. Could you please help?
My account is locked.  I attempted to unlock it myself and received an error that my username is not long enough.  Can you assist?
What is the minimum for money market account to not have a monthly charge? If I am going to go below that what is the best checking account, bill pay, direct deposit account that won’t charge me?
Direct Deposit form
Hi there! I need some help with…
I'm trying to send a check to the Mortgage department to be endorsed. What address should I mail it to?
I have changed my password and reset my username and the new username and passsword dont work
I
I want to open a personal savings account
I’m needing to reset my password on the mobile app please
How much can I Withdraw from ATM
Hi there! I need some help with…locked out of acct and don't know why??
customer service
I set the travel advisory on my debit card beginning October 31 - November 6. How come my husband’s card doesn’t show up on list of cards? They are both linked to the account?
I changed my password and now my 4 digit pin on my phone won't log me in. How can I change my 4 digit pin for mobile access?
Hello! I have an overdraft charge on my checking account. I was wondering if that could be removed? I share an account with my dad and my daughter. My dad is 84 and we help him.  Somehow there was a bank error and I was removed from the whole account  and unable to transfer money. Then my daughter was also removed. The bank has been working on it for over a week and was aware it was their mistake. (It was accidental and I totally understand.) Since I was unable to access the secondary account to transfer mo
Would you be able to see 4 deposits made on 10/6/21   10/19/21     10/22/21   and 12/10/21?
On the mobile app, how do I locate the 2021 interest statements?
I am chatting in today to see if you have anything to consolidate debt to pay off with a lower interest rate?
I received an email that  tax statement was available. How do I access the statement?
I have a notary question
can you help me activate my external bank transfer please?
I need to stop activity on my son’s account because he lost his wallet
Bill pay enrollment
Need assistance with accessing my online account
Can I deposit a check by taking a picture?
Bank declaration
What time do yall open
This is Andrea, Treasurer for  Lutheran Church in Harker Heights. I am being asked to have a code texted to a phone number on file. The only # for me to pick from are Pastor Gerry's #. He has moved to another church. We have filled out and submitted all the necessary paperwork to remove him from the account, yet his phone number still shows up. Please help me. I need to get immediate access to our online account.
I can't remember my password. I thought it was @Flatdog12.
Can you use the online tool to deposit checks?
I l lost wallet Id and debit card How do I get access to my account without those items
I never received my debit card. How can I get one? I’d love to request a card!:)
Hi i am locked out of my online account Because of too many failed attempts with password. I had caps lock on and didn’t realize. Can this be unlocked please?
Hi
I can’t see how much money I have
Hi Gabby, I've apparently put the wrong password on my account and I'm now locked out.  Can you help?
what is my banking number
I put 45 dollars in my account last night and it is not popping up
agent
Need to change address on my accounts
how do I make an in-person appointment using website?
I’m locked out my app screen..
Login reset
Need to reset password, but forgot old one.
Hi, Are you able to help me decide which type of account I should open?
Hi there! I need some help with…dispute
I have gotten 2 payroll deposits for $641.00. I am trying to find out if they were from  CTC OR KILLEEN ISD
Why won’t my mobile deposit work
Hi there! I need some help with… resetting login and password
I’m locked out of my online banking
not able to log into account, exceeded activations?
I’ve paid my car note for October for my 2023 Ford Mustang GT 5.0 , but I have decided that I cannot afford the car payment because of other issues. I will bring the car whenever the month of October is up. Let me know what I need to do. I don’t want goons coming and repoing the car, I will bring it in.
Good afternoon,  I am locked out of my online account
I was charged 2 over draft fees on my checking account with over $6,000 in my Money Market account?  Is that really necessary when you can see I have enough on another account?
Hi there! I need some help with an inactive acct notice that I received!
I got a Cashier's check from John A in my mail box. Need to verify is it right or fake.
Hi there! I need some help with…ebank. I am locked out
Hello,
Address change
Where can I find the bill pay set up?
Why was my debit card fraud dispute denied?
My debit card is locked
What’s my account number and routing
My husband's debit card isn't working
My card won't let me spend money
A customer has been unable to deposit checks via iTM
How do I change my password?
Hi there AIQFinancial bank i was just having an issue i ordered something off a scam website without knowing and i spent about 60.97 worth and i really need to cancel this transaction if u could please help that would be great
Hi there! I need some help with…logging into my bank account
Getting charged for something I don’t know what it is
I need to update my online ID
transactions
request statements as estate administrator
where can i find my 1099
Hi there! I need some help with…
I have an account and I was wondering what does it cost to make a savings account?
Deposited a $500 check this morning and am wondering when itt will clear?
AIQFinancial is having me change my bank log in password when i dont want to
I need the phone number changed associated with my online access to my checking account
Need temporary checks for one of our accounts. what to we need to do to get them
I have an account that is not showing up on my AIQFinancial app.  Acct # 000000
ageny
Trying to get a hold of a Mr major about a transaction dispute case
What to do to deposit a check using my phone?
Had some fraudulent activity with my online banking
I am locked out of my account, will you reset my password
Hi there! I need some help with…my app has locked me out
Hi there! I need some help with…
Routing number
Hello, this is Mark, a former employee of 22 years, (now retired). I am needing some help with my on link account. (says account Are
i need to change my phone number because my account won’t let me access it unless i text or call that number but i don’t have it
I have received a notice of inactive on account 000000   We wish to keep this account open
What is the daily deposit limit?
How do I pause a card
WHAT DOES IT TAKE TO EMILY IN WEALTH MANG TO RETURN A PHONE CALL.   THIS IS MY 3RD DAY TO LEAVE MSG.  ZERO RESPONSE.  EMILY CALL ME 000000
AIQFinancial app trying to set a password won’t let me
I am locked out of my account
i need help
How do I deposit a check onliine
Loan vehicle
Hi there! I need some help with… I am trying to login to my AIQFinancial account after it was locked. I had to change my password and then it locked my out of it. I guess I did it incorrectly.\n
How do I transfer from bank to Quicken?
wire transfer
How can I open a business account
Can I order checks for my bonus banking account on the app?
Hello! I am writing to inquire about my business account. I received a $5 returned mail charge but my address has not changed. I have also received multiple pieces of mail at that address. Thank you.
Hello
I received a message that someone entered an invalid password on our account a few minutes ago. It was not me or my husband.
I’ve been locked out of my account
What accounts can I use for a traditional IRA?
Hi there! I need some help with…I'm locked out of my Acct
I am wondering if you offer loans for RV’s
Hi there! I need some help with resetting my mobile bank password
why does my accounts show I have $0 BALANCE?
I forgot my password
How do I open chrome on my iphone
I seem to be locked out of my login
Location in temple
Routing number
Hi there! I need some help with… creating on online login
Change of address
Fraud
I do not remember my current password and I’m trying to update before I am locked out my account
I don't know what my I'd name or password
I just need to update my mailing address.  New address is 106 CR 408, Hamilton, TX 76531 - we closed the post office box.
I need to know my interest rate on my car loan
Help with ny checking account
Does this bank offer Home Equity lines of credit (HELOC)?
Hi! I was wondering how I could go about changing the address on file for my son’s account
What is my routing number
Need help with credit status. That should have ended
Hello I live with my son in ohio and he wants to know the easiest way to get money from his non-AIQFinancial bank here in Ohio into my AIQFinancial account
Travel
Hello, just need a little help.
Im locked out of my acct. I don't want to change my password. what do I need to do
Can you apply for a loan online
I keep getting turned away and i been banking with yall my whole life i got iras from that i setup in the 90s
Do not remember my mobile login
I need to get a hold taken off my iras.
One of my accounts is missing from my banking app
I need to change the phone number on my account
ARE YOU OPEN TOMARROW
CD rates
Yes I have not received my account information to login to my account
I received email that anE-Alert was availaible.  Where do I find It?
Is there a bank I can use in Nashville?
I am locked out of my mobile
The app had me reset my password but then I think my budgeting software kept trying to log in with the old one and now I’m locked out
Hi
Dispute transaction
Good afternoon, I am no longer seeing my daughters account listed under my accounts on the phone app.  Was it deactivated for some reason?
my account has been locked and deactivated why
000000 -Megan
Hello, I didn’t receive a temporary password to login to my account
Are the banks in gatesville gonna be open July 3rd?
How do you set the view so that latest date is at top. It views like that on page 1 but the next page places multiple years of transactions.
Am I able to deposit a check with my phone?
Hello I have a question
Hi! I would like to change my name on my account since I recently got married. How can I do that?
Yesterday i made a deposit into my account with $195 and the money showed up in my account. Now i look and i only have $30 dollars into my account but there is no transaction from me adding the money or any transaction of any money coming out of my account
hello i am trying to set up online banking
Hi Gabby, we forgot our password and locked ourselves out of the account.  please advise.
My accounts are set to received statements by e mail only, but for the last three months I have received my statements by mail and charged a $1.99 service fee
Locked out of my account
I am checking to make sure that my card is still good.  I just did a transaction over the phone for shangri paw kennel for my dog and got a fraud alert.
I'm trying to find my account and routing number in the app
What is my e-bank ID?
I need help disputing a charge
I'm trying to enroll in online banking and it keeps telling me I'm entering the wrong information
I would like to export all transactions from when I opened this account....I can get to 2019 and after...anything before 2019?
Need to change address
I typed my password in wrong so I got locked.
I just need to get into my account
How do I update my profile on the app?
Stop payment
Representative
I would like someone to check on my checking account. There are multiple transactions that I am not familiar with
I changed my passwordyesterday and I am locked out of my account this morning
I need to add a note to my account that my husband is traveling so his card will be used in multiple other states
Interest rates on less than one year CD
This is Doris. I moved to another state and closed my account with you. Please update your files, and I paid Capital One off, and iwe them nothing. Thanks.
Hello!! I’m needing to wire money to a title company as I am purchasing a home!
I typed in the wrong amount of of a check I deposited just now.  How can I correct it?
direct deposit form
Looking for the 1099 for my money market account
Hey Mayra! this is faith at Bosque...I just got on to familiarize myself so I can educate customers
I’m inquiring as to why every time I have tried to use my debit card, the transactions are declined despite the card controls being enabled.
Hello
change of address
Wife name on check
I'm locked out of my account
Wire transfer
Tax documents 2021
Can you transfer into Acct from PayPal ?
How do I change the phone number that it sends confirmation codes to?
Is there a way to do a deposit through the app?
i am trying to print out my statements but it keeps saying something went wrong and wont let me print them
Hi there! I need some help with… \nFinding out when the direct deposit that was sent to my account Friday will be posted
Good afternoon.  I just locked myself out of my account.  Please help.\n\nStephen
my login has been disabled
Possible fraud charge on my card
I need someone to call me at xxx-xxx-4588 regarding my account immediately!!!
Do i have overdraft privileges
I cannot figure out how to do a mobile deposit on the new app
Activate card
How many times can we transfer money from our savings?
how to set up bill pay
Please increase my e-deposit limit. I need to deposit a check for 2269.91
loan
What is a registered browser for password help
Since no one at the bank can help me get back on line, what is the best way to close my account and move to another facility?? Cleophus
Every time I go to pay for something with my card or online my card declines even though I have the funds
Hi there! I need some help with…my debit card transactions
Yes I was just wondering why there's over 160 in my available balance, but only 17 in my current. I just opened the account and they td me it would be a week before the rest of my check went into my balance. Is there any reason why it hasn't  yet?
Hi there! I need some help with…a withdrawal that was just made from my checking account for $500.00. \n\nWhile I was putting gas in my vehicle at a gas station called Town and Country, i happen to check my bank account and saw a withdrawal for $500.00 which I now the cashier took out. I asked them about it and they showed me what my gas bill was from their register. My gas bill was $51.98 and it shows $500.00. What needs to be done to correct this? Thank you.
Hi there! I need some help with getting back into my account. My wife locked it up with the wrong password today.
is there any way to see the card information on the app?
When will I get my new debit card in the mail?
Hi there! Where is your principal place of business?
I need help resetting my online banking password
I can’t access my account on line
Do I need to clear my bank if I’m going on a cruise
Hi there! I need some help with...please send tax statement through the mail.  Thank you
I got my sign on name but it tells me I  am on an unsupported or unknown network
I lost where I was at signing up for a new account
I’ve been currently logged out of my account
Loan payoff
how do i dispute a charge?
Is the system down now?
Chat with my relationship banker
There is a YouTube video about investing that appears when logging in to my mobile app and can't do anything...check transactions or make deposits
Can I speak with a live person?
Is there an amount limit for a check?
What would I need to do to open a savings account?
how do you log on to the website on a computer
Good morning, I made a deposit this morning that the machine registered as $452, when it was actually $5452. I accidentally hit the confirm button before I realized this. Can you review it and see if the check is being adjusted?
Hi I need help fixing some info on my account so I can set up mobile banking
representative
Hi Gabby, I need to order Deposit Slip Books and I have a customer that I am attempting to get started/changed over from our sister store in Temple Tx account to ours here in Killeen Texas.
Has check no. 3440 dated 2/3/22 to Sam’s club for $45..00 cleared my account?
I would like to find out why my checks I ordered never came.
Hi! I recently got married and I need to change the last name on my account
What is the rate for a fixed ten years refinanc
How much $ is required
Hi there! I need some help with…logging into my account
I JUST TRIED TO TRANSFER FUNDS FROM SAVINGS INTO CHECKING AND GOT AN ERROR. IS SYSTEM HAVING PROBLEMS??
I deposited thru an atm Friday around 4pm. But can’t find my deposit on the online app or the money being available. When will it show up on my account?
my card is frozen
Where is credit policy?
Locked out of on line banking
I used my old password to check my balance. Now I'm locked out. Friday it was asking me to change password I tried. But had to send code to wife phone. I did not use it use the old one.
Agent
Need to know how to get money out of state banking to my account here
hey i cannot transfer funds into my checking account, what do i need to do
Direct deposit form
password reset
I had an account with this bank but had to depart . My brother spoke to some one and I believe they informed him that upon my return , I could keep my account.
Hi I would like to know my payoff on my vehicle
I have had AIQFinancial checking and savings accounts for over 20 years at the Belton Tx branch.  I remarried now live in Salina Okl;a. I need new checks but am not sure of the process with these changes of info on my checks.
I was just chatting with someone and they needed a verification code
unable to log in
My name is Melanie and I work for Structural Steel in Spokane, WA. We received a ck from a customer with AIQFinancial and it was returned with NSF. We arem
What are your current rates for land and construction loans? I do have checking and savings accounts at AIQFinancial as well as very good-excellent credit.
Is the mobile app down
Pay my capital one from
I lost communication with major
Hi there! I need some help with updating my phone number. I tried to log in to my account to find there is now mandatory two-step verification with a phone number. \n\nI now live in Japan and my phone number is +81 070 1226 9193. If you could please add this number as a way to verify the login as soon as possible, it would be greatly appreciated because I need to transfer money online very soon. \n\nThank you,\n\nSteven Crosby
Going out country
Forgot my password
I do not see ac1099 INT for 2021. Can this be emailed or posted to my account so I can print off for taxes?
unexpected cash back. what are the rules for getting cash back is there a link page on here that breaks it down?
Hi there! I need some help with getting my IRS proper form for tax purposes on savings I made last year in my account. I hope I have worded that right. Thank you.
This is Erik with SDS testing
I needed the payoff for my auto loan.  The Account is under Leslie and ends in 0142.
i need to reset my password
how long does it take to open a credit card account
How do I do mobile check deposits in the mobile banking app?
I want to transfer funds to a linked account in another bank
Open a savings account
